**Balaji Srinivasan at Startup School 2013-cOubCHLXT6A.mp4**  \[00:00:00\] I can talk about why coming here. I guess so I guess you all know about that. Let me interrupt myself briefly while things are loading here. So my name is biology\'s Srini boss and there\'s actually 12 people with my same first and last name in the Bay Area alone. In fact I randomly ran into another one of them at Stanford and founded a genomics company for them. So my I go by my full initials SS and I am a Stanford lifer. I got myB.S. Stanford in 2006 I started teaching computer science and statistics there. I left Stanford in early 2008 scandalising the department to found a genomics company which has become very successful. Our names counsel and we test about 3 percent of all births in the United States. I\'ve also taught a Moog at staff at Stanford WVU which has become quite successful. But I\'m going to talk about something fairly different today.  \[00:01:01\] So can we go yes or so we can talked about today is something I\'m calling Silicon Valley\'s ultimate exit and so as motivation here you know it\'s a bit topical. Is the USA the Microsoft of nations we can take this sort of thing and we can expand it. Mark. Code base is 30 years old run an office gated language system was shut down for two weeks straight systematic FUD on security issues fairly ruthless treatment of key suppliers generally favors its rich enterprise customers. But we still have to buy up and you know if we think about Microsoft itself there\'s a great quote from Bill Gates in 1998 what displaced Microsoft what you know what did he fear. It wasn\'t Oracle or anybody like that. What he feared were some guys in a garage who happened to be. Ultimately we found was Larin Serguei back in 1998. And the thing about what parents figured did is there\'s no way that they could have reform Microsoft from the inside at that time. Microsoft already had 26000 employees joining in those numbers twenty six thousand twenty six thousand one of them trying to push for 20 percent time or free lunches they probably wouldn\'t have done too far. So what they had to do was start their own company.  \[00:02:42\] They had to exit and with success in that in that alternative then Microsoft imitate them. And this is actually relate to a fundamental concept in political science the concept of boys versus exit the company or a country is in decline.  \[00:02:58\] You can try Foy\'s or you can try exit Boyce\'s basically changing the system from within. Whereas exit is leaving to create a new system a new startup or to join a competitor. Sometimes loyalty can modulate this sometimes that\'s patriotism which is voluntary and sometimes it\'s Lockean which are involuntary barriers to exit and we can think about this in the context of various examples and start to get a feel for this so you know voice in the context open source would be a patch exit it would be a fork voice in the context of a customer would be a complaint form whereas exit would be taking your business elsewhere. Voice in the context of a company that\'s a turnaround plan Exodus leaving to found a startup and voice in the context of a country is voting while exit is immigration. So are those two images on the left is the normal Rockwell painting on voice on the rise actually my dad in the center and that\'s kind of a grass hut on the right hand side to grow up on a dirt floor in India and left because India was an economic basket case and there is no way that he could have voted to change things within his lifetime. So he left and it turns out that while we talk a lot about voice in the context ofU.S. and talk about democracy that\'s very important. But you know we\'re not just a nation of immigrants or a nation of immigrants were shaped by both boys. And it started with the Puritans you know they fled religious persecution. The American revolutionaries which you know left England\'s orbit. You know then we started moving west leaving the East Coast bureaucracy to go to Western nations. Later late eighteen hundreds. Ellis Island people living pogroms and in the century fleeing Naziism and communism and sometimes people didn\'t just come here for a better life they came here to save their life. That\'s the airlift in the end of Saigon.  \[00:04:50\] And it\'s not just theU.S. that ship by eggs at Silicon Valley itself is also shaped by eggs that you can date back to the founding of Fairchild Semiconductor with the Traitorous Eight and the founding of Fairchild. The fact that non-competing are not enforceable in California.  \[00:05:04\] And you know the fact that DC funds disruption not just turn around you know the concept of walking an open source you know if you think about the back button that is in some ways the cheapest ways to exit something. And of course the concept startup itself. That right there if you guys haven\'t seen as one of why commandeers first ads Laren Serguei won\'t respect you in the morning. So the concept here is that it was actually an extremely important force in compliment to voice. And it\'s something which is something that gives voice its strength. So in particular protects minority rights in the upper left corner. For example you can imagine two countries and country one is foreign policy a country. Falling policy be some minority you know is potentially interested in following policy B but is very stridently promulgated by the majority. However there are some other country maybe a smaller country maybe another country that\'s actually quite into be. And so that person leaves and you know they\'re not initially super into B but they think it might be interesting just be questionmark and what happens is it all the other guys in a sea that people are actually leaving. They really care about this particular policy so much that they actually left. It could be a feature where people are leaving for a competitor. It could be a bug that you haven\'t fixed so people fork the project and take it somewhere else. What happens is exit amplifies voice. Right. So it\'s a it\'s a crucial additional feature for democracy is to reduce the barrier to exit to make democratic voice more powerful more successful. And so a voice gains much more attention when people are leaving in droves. And you know if I would bet that exit is a reason why half this audience is alive. Many of us have our ancestors who came from China Vietnam Korea you know Iran places where there\'s war famine economic basket cases. It is something that I believe we need to preserve and exist with this talk is about so is really a medic concept. It\'s about alternatives it\'s a medic concept that subsumes competition forking founding and physical immigration. It means giving people the tools will lose influence of bad policies over their lives without getting involved in politics the tools to peacefully opt out. And if you combine those three things you know this concept of theU.S. is a much softer nations. The quote from Gates and Hirschmann is treatise.  \[00:07:29\] You get this concept of Silicon Valley\'s ultimate exit.  \[00:07:33\] Basically I believe that the ability to reduce the importance of decisions made in DC in particular without lobbying or sloganeering it\'s actually going to become extremely important over the next 10 years. And you might ask why what does this have to do with anything.  \[00:07:45\] So the reason why is that today it\'s Silicon Valley versus what I call the paper belt just for cities that used to run the United States in the post-war era. Okay Boston with higher ed in New York City with Madison Avenue books Wall Street newspapers Los Angeles with movies music Hollywood and of courseD.C. with laws and regulations formerly running the country. And so I called them the paper belt after the rust belt of yore. And in the last 20 years a new competitor to the paper belt arose out of nowhere Silicon Valley and by accident we\'re putting Horsehead in all of their beds. We are becoming stronger than all of them combined.  \[00:08:29\] And to get a sense of this you know Silicon Valley is reinventing every industry and cities that accept there is possibly a screenplay for you know the paper ofL.A. andL.A. is going to iTunes you know BitTorrent your Netflix Spotify Youtube. That\'s really those are really the first on the hit list starting in 99 with Napster.  \[00:08:46\] New York right alongside AdWords Twitter Blogger Facebook Kindle Aereo. We\'re going after newspapers we\'re going after Madison Avenue we\'re going after book publishing we\'re going after television Aereo figured out how to put a salted antenna in a server farm so you don\'t have to pay any TV fees over there recording recently Boston was next in the gun sights Khan Academy Coursera Udacity and most interestingly DC and by DC I\'m using as a medium for just government regulation in general because not justD.C. It includes local and state governments Uber Airbnb NBA Stripe Square and of course you know the big one bitcoin are all things that threatenD.C. power. It is not necessarily clear that theU.S. government can ban something that it wants to ban anymore. And so because of this it\'s something called a paper jam. The backlash is beginning. No more jobs predicted for machines not people job automation is a future unemployment crisis looming imprisoned by innovation as you know. Tech wealth explodes Silicon Valley poverty spikes.  \[00:09:51\] They are basically going to try to blame the economy on Silicon Valley to see that as the iPhone and Google that done did it not the bailouts of bankruptcies and the bombings. And you know this is something which we need to identify as false and we need to actively repudiate so we must respond via a voice you know the obvious counter argument is that the value reduces prices and the top it\'s a little small but that\'s the famous graph. You know consumption spreads faster today. That shows the absolute exponential rise of technologies over the last century.  \[00:10:26\] You know anything that is initially just the province of the 1 percent whether it be computers or cell phones quickly becomes the province of the 5 percent and the 10 percent that MBP that barely works that someone is willing to pay thousands and thousands of dollars for allows you to fix the bugs to get economies of scale to bring it to the 10 percent and then 20 percent and 50 percent the middle class and the 99 percent. That\'s how we got cell phones from you know a toy from Wall Street to something that\'s helping the poorest of the poor all over the world. Technology is about reducing prices the bottom curve there is Moore\'s Law.  \[00:10:59\] And by contrast the paper built raises them. There is a tuition bubble and the mortgage bubble and the medical care bubble in too many bubbles to name and so the argument that the Valley is a problem is inherent but it\'s not going to be sufficient to respond to Viard voice. We can make this argument but Dopeman counter argument is actually exit and not in the Scholey physical exit but exit in a variety of different forms. What they\'re basically saying is ruled by DC means people are going back to work and emerging meme is that rule by us is ruled by Terminator\'s. We\'re going to take all the jobs. Whereas we can say and we can argue Deasy\'s role is more like a building in Detroit and downright there is actually like google data center right. And so we can go back and forth verbally but ultimately this about counterfactuals. They have aircraft carriers we don\'t. We don\'t actually want to fight them.  \[00:11:54\] Wouldn\'t be smart. So we want to show what a society run by Silicon Valley would look like without actually affecting anyone who still really believes the paper belt is actually good.  \[00:12:06\] And that\'s where EXID comes in. So what do I mean by this. What I mean by Silicon Valley is ultimate exit. It basically means build an opt in society. Ultimately outside theU.S. run by technology and this is actually where the value is going.  \[00:12:22\] This is where we\'re going over the next 10 years. That\'s where mobile is going. It\'s not about a location based app it\'s about making location completely irrelevant. So Larry Page for example wants to set aside a part of the world for unregulated experimentation that\'s carefully phrase. He\'s not saying you know take away the laws in theU.S. if you like your country you can keep it. Same with Mark Anderson Right the world is going to see an explosion of countries in the years ahead double triple or quadruple countries. Right since end of the Cold War we\'ve just been seeing them burst up in all kinds of places and some of the best. We\'ll have lessons for all the rest. You know Singapore\'s healthcare system is an example to the rest of world. Estonia actually has digital parking meters and all kinds of things we can copy those things without necessarily taking the risk let them take the risk and then we can we can copy them.  \[00:13:07\] It amplifies so importantly you don\'t have to fight a war to start a new company. You don\'t you know killed the former CEO in a dual so a very important medic concept is create peaceful ways to exit and start new countries.  \[00:13:25\] So you know to the founders of PayPal Peter TEEAL is into seasteading Elon Musk wants to build a Mars colony and you can scale it back to you know even on Hacker News just recently within the realm of someone on unstaffed number one versus starting number two. These guys just went and bought a private island is random. So you know in middle Canada it\'s freezing cold it\'s their sticks over there doesn\'t exactly look like a walk who but the best part is this the people who think this is weird.  \[00:13:53\] The people who sneer at the frontier right who hate technology they won\'t follow you out there.  \[00:13:59\] OK. That\'s the thing about you know it is you can take as much or little of it as you want. You don\'t have to actually go and get your own island you can do the equivalent of dual booting or telecommuting you can opt out to whatever level that you prefer. Right. Simply going onto Reddit rather than you know watching television is a way of opting out. There is this entire digital world up here which we can jack our brains into and we can opt out the bill may stop us from leaving. And that\'s actually what I think of as one of the most important things over the next 10 years is to use technology especially mobile to reduce the barriers to exit. You know we can build a world run by software. Here are some examples.  \[00:14:41\] 3D printing will turn regulation to DRM they\'ll be impossible to ban physical objects from medical devices to drones to cars you can 3D print all these things and their entire 3 letter regulatory agencies that are just you know devoted to banning goods with Bitcoin you know capital controls become packet filtering. It\'s impossible to do Bailin if everyone\'s on bitcoin to seize money as they did in Cyprus or in Poland with quantified self medicine is going to become mobile you\'re gonna be able to measure yourself with telepresence your immigration policy is going to turn into your firewall w robotics is just a start.  \[00:15:17\] You know anybody sees you know robots are controlled remotely moving them around like a doom game. Soon they\'ll be humanoid on their site and they\'re going to get pretty good so you can be anywhere in the world walking around with a humanoid robot on their side and you know without paying a plane to get drones.  \[00:15:34\] Warfare is going to become software law is going to become code management via robotics is going to become automation and property rights are going to become a network effect if you know about bitcoins smart property.  \[00:15:44\] It\'s the technological details these are topics for the next move you can sign up at corsairs or from such core startup.  \[00:15:51\] Will be better the third time around.  \[00:15:56\] But that\'s what I think you know if you if you want to think big if you want to think about things that are next.  \[00:16:02\] Build technologies as minimal or as maximal as you want for the next society looks like it could be something as simple as long. People in the middle class to make tax shelters apps that allow people to travel and relocate better because that huge pain to move from city to city. Anything you can think of that reduces the barriers to exit.  \[00:16:19\] That reduces Lockean if we\'re determined to build something like this thanks. Applause. 
