**Chase Adam at Startup School 2013-WlT3UhC7NwQ.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Hi everyone. My name is Chase. And like Jessica said We
recently had the privilege of being the first nonprofit to go through Y
Combinator. So to tell you just a quick one minute about Watsky we\'re a
nonprofit crowdfunding platform. So the easiest way to think about us is
that we\'re basically like Kickstarter for health care around the world
so you can go on our Web site see photos and read stories of patients
all over the world that need access to low cost high impact medical care
but can\'t afford to pay for it. And you can donate as little as five
dollars and directly fund say a lifesaving heart surgery for a 12 year
old girl in Nepal or directly fund a prosthetic arm for Hosei a 46 year
old man father of five in Guatemala. So I spent a lot of time thinking
about what on earth I was going to talk about today. And I thought about
all the good starter presentations I\'ve ever heard in my entire life
and I realized that every good presentation falls into one of two
categories. There are informational presentations where really smart
people get on stage and tell you that A plus B plus equals startup
success. And there are motivational presentations where really
successful people get on stage until you really funny stories about all
the mistakes they made and all the hard lessons they learned on the long
road to success. And I was really frustrated when realized that I
couldn\'t give either one of those two presentations today. On the one
hand I\'m not experienced or smart enough to have the slightest idea
what the formula for startups success is if I did want to be doing ten
billion dollars a year. And on the other hand I\'m not successful enough
to tell you funny stories about the lessons I think I\'ve learned
because I have absolutely no idea if those lessons are ultimately going
to result in success or if they\'re ultimately going to result in
failure. So I procrastinate like crazy two days ago I remember the best
startup presentation I\'ve ever heard in my entire life. The best
starter presentation I ever heard was when Brian and Nathan of Arabic
Inbee came to Y Combinator and told us a story about how Airbnb spent
their first thousand days a thousand days searching high and low for
product market fit. I\'ve never left a presentation more motivated more
inspired in my entire life. But I had one problem with the presentation.
One nagging thought that I just could not get out of my mind. And it was
that Brian and Nathan and everyone else at Irving B. They earned their
right to come to Y Combinator and tell that story. But I couldn\'t help
but go home and wonder how many other startups have persisted for a
thousand days or maybe a hell of a lot longer and ultimately failed. And
that\'s when I realized the one thing I could actually talk about today.
The one story I could tell you guys I could tell you our story the story
of what Watsky and I can tell it with an honesty that successful people
can\'t I can\'t tell you. Laughter I can tell you the story of what\'s
on our nine hundred and ninety nine day the day before anyone knows if
we\'re going to be a massive success or Fergies it\'s going to be a
spectacular failure. So about two and a half years ago I was serving as
a Peace Corps volunteer in Central America and I was sitting on the back
of a bus right at the Panama Costa Rica border. And I remember that at
that point in my life that bus was the absolute last place in the entire
world. I wanted to be.

\[00:03:25\] It was hot. It was muggy. I was sweating like crazy. There
was this old guy sitting next to me that kept kind of like nudging into
me. And so I was just curling up against the window trying to sleep but
the bass was too bouncy so I couldn\'t sleep against the window.

\[00:03:39\] I remember I just kept constantly smelling mildew because
I\'d been living in the tropics for a year and a half. Your clothes
never get a chance to dry and I\'m just smelling the mildew coming off
the color of my shirt. I remember there\'s a black Northface duffle bag
at my feet and in that black black Northface stuff duffels every single
thing in the world I own. I\'m ten to twelve thousand dollars still in
student loan debt. I have another one to two thousand dollars in credit
card debt and no hope of paying off until I\'m done with the Peace
Corps. And that\'s not the worst part the worst part is that I just a
day before I\'ve gotten off a plane from United States now was back
home. United States I was there from my grandmother\'s funeral while I
was there. I caught up with a bunch of my old college and high school
friends in San Francisco and I have no idea why I thought this. But

\[00:04:22\] before I saw my friends I figured they were all going to be
miserable. I was the guy that spent the last five to seven years working
with nonprofits traveling around the entire world. I figure they were
living the office space life working dead end jobs in cubicles in San
Francisco miserable day in and day out. But that wasn\'t the case my
friends were all happy. Every single one of my friend every single of my
friends had an awesome apartment. They actually had girlfriends and
boyfriends. They went out they got to date. They were having fun. But
beyond that they were working for companies and building products and
solving problems that they cared about. They were happy they had found a
way to do good and do well. And in contrast the six years I\'ve spent
traveling around the world working with nonprofits it seems slow. It
seemed bureaucratic it seemed underfunded. It didn\'t come with the same
energy and optimism and innovation that San Francisco had to and so this
is a direct quote. But I told every single person I knew my friends and
my family when I was back in San Francisco said I\'m done with this.
That\'s it I\'m not going to sell my soul.

\[00:05:30\] I said I\'m not going to sell my soul but I\'m going to
come back to San Francisco and like all of you you\'re going to find a
way to do well and do good so there I am sitting in the back of that bus
in Central America trying to think about how on earth I\'m going to get
there my last five months in the Peace Corps and this woman gets on the
bus.

\[00:05:48\] There\'s a picture one of the actual buses woman gets on
the bus and she starts asking all these local passengers for donations
to pay for her son\'s medical treatment. Now the second I hear that I
just tune her out and stop listening. I\'m immediately skeptical. People
in Central America get on the bus every single day one after another
asking for donations. Preaching selling products. No one ever buys but a
few minutes later I notice that this woman is walking down the aisle of
the bus toward me and all of the local passengers were getting her money
and I could not for the absolute life of me figure out why all of these
local people trusted this woman. Well they had never trusted all the
women that came before and it turns out that these people trusted this
woman because she had her son\'s medical record with her. She was
passing it around the bus. It was in a red folder there grilling her
with questions about the doctor or the hospital or the condition. And
she seemed to earn their trust. She got to the back of the bus. I gave
her 5n or cloning\'s which is like a dollar because all these local
farmers are donating I dont want to be that one stingy gringo that
doesn\'t give her any money she gets off the bus and I get goosebumps
and I think it\'s crazy that we have websites like Kickstarter or with
the click of a button crowdfund really any type of creative project. We
have Web sites like donors choose worth a click of a button you
crowdfund a classroom project for a student really anywhere in the
United States. Why on earth is there not a Web site where we could
crowdfund really the most important thing of all which is health care
for people that can\'t afford to pay for it right then having been the
most jaded I\'ve ever been in my entire life. Five minutes earlier I
decided to start Watsa and decided to name it after the town I was
traveling through.

\[00:07:25\] When the woman got on the bus so this was my got home. So
this was my little hut in the in the Peace Corps. I had one outlet one
light running water for one hour a day. But for those last 5 months were
really the best 5 months of my life. I just became obsessed like
obsessed with Watsky. All I could do is think about Losey for 10 to 15
hours a day and I would play a game and the game or at play as I would
just think up every possible issue or problem or externality that could
arise with a Wannsee model and I\'d try to come up with a solution for
five months. And you guys are probably sounds crazy. Most of you could
probably build Watsa in 2 months and here I am sitting in the middle of
nowhere thinking about the idea for 5 months but in retrospect those 5
months for me were some of the most important five months and watches
history. And the reason for that is that what is that nonprofits are
oftentimes is that nonprofits oftentimes need to be a little bit more
careful a little bit more skeptical and a little bit more introspective
than for profits. And the reason for that is that with nonprofits it\'s
often really really hard to know if you\'re succeeding or if you\'re
failing with a for profit. I envy all of you guys. It\'s so simple. You
build a product. If people want that product they buy and they give you
money. The better your product the more money they give you the more
people buy it the more you succeed the worse your product the fewer
people buy it the less money they give you the less you succeed you can
measure success in real time and you can measure success in dollars and
cents. Nonprofits are a lot more complicated nonprofits. We have to go
to one group of people. We had to convince them to give us money. We had
to turn around 180 degrees take that money and give a product to an
entirely different group of people. And that\'s where the problem is.
It\'s really hard to get feedback from that second group of people.
It\'s hard because of communication. They often speak a different
language. They\'re living in a really isolated area. They don\'t have
access to internet access to a cell phone maybe they\'re not even
literate. It\'s also difficult because when you\'re giving people
something for free or when you\'re giving people something that\'s
heavily subsidized they\'re often really reluctant to give you any
negative or critical feedback at all for fear that you\'re gonna stop
giving them whatever it is you\'re giving them. And it\'s also hard
because sometimes you get people things that help them on day one and
they end up hurting them on day 365 I remember when I learned this
lesson the first time before I was in the peace group I was living and
working in Haiti.

\[00:09:49\] And my third week in Haiti local Haitian friend of mine
took me to this outdoor Haitian market got to the market and there\'s 50
plus Haitian women and there are little groups of women and maybe five
to seven to a group and they\'re all squatting and kind of like a
semicircle. The first group of women bunch of eggs are selling eggs and
the second group of women are squatting down and they\'re selling
plantains and bananas and my friend taps me on the shoulder and says
Chace look at the third group a woman. Look at the third group of women
there squatting down just the same. But they have white bags coming up
in front of them and the top of the bags were rolled down on the front
of the bags are an American flag and inside the bags are rice with a
little cup to scoop out a cup of rice he said. Those women are selling
rice for pennies on the dollar. They are selling rice for one one
hundredth of what it should actually cost. The reason they\'re selling
rice for so cheap is that every time there\'s a humanitarian disaster or
there\'s a crisis in Haiti what happens is a bunch of nonprofits and a
bunch of governments many of them the United States not only go to one
group of people they ask for money they take that money they go toU.S.
companies they buy a bunch of rice they send out rice to Haiti and they
give it to people that are starving makes a lot of sense. The problem is
that this has happened so many times that we\'ve flooded the Haitian
market with free or heavily subsidized rice he said Chase. We\'ve put
all the local farmers out of business. How can a local Haitian rice
farmer compete with the free products. And I remember hearing that story
and getting really frustrated and thinking but the problem is so clear.
People are hungry but the solutions and really the whole world really
the whole nonprofit world and oftentimes just be really complicated. So
we got back I got back United States after the Peace Corps. We put
together a volunteer team we were 10 people we had Grace who is in India
at the time helping us with marketing. We had Jesse in Portland doing
all of our code. We had Howard in South Carolina and all of our finances
and we get on a Google Hangout every Tuesday night and we\'d work on
quazi. We had no funding no office no salaries no users no revenue and
we didn\'t want any of those things we didn\'t care we didn\'t have any
desire. The last thing in the world I wanted to do is build a big
nonprofit organization. We are only doing what because we thought it was
cool because we thought it was fun because we wanted to start a
nonprofit that we ourselves would donate to. And in retrospect that
being small and being obscure actually gave us a huge advantage. It
enabled us to do whatever we wanted. We are beholden to no one and we
could take risks and we could do things that the big nonprofits could
never do. So doing that year and a half we made five decisions which I
think Shape the Future Watsky. The first was you decided to be radically
transparent. We were going to be the most transparent nonprofit in the
world. That means exposing all of our operations all of our financials
and even doing extra work to do things like take screenshots of each
funds transfer and post them online so people can see exactly where
their money is going if they don\'t. On our Web site The second thing we
did is a hundred percent model if you don\'t Anawat see 100 percent of
your donation funds medical care will never take a cut no matter what
their thing is. Third thing is minimal fundraising the third thing we
decide as a team is just minimal fundraising we\'ve all seen how
operational fundraising can just destroyed nonprofits. It is such a
distraction there are so many nonprofits out there that get so obsessed
and so dependent on fundraising things like annual galas that they
forget about why they started that nonprofit in the first place. We
decided we\'re gonna have a circular organizational structure. What that
meant is that there\'s no bosses there\'s no hierarchy. There\'s no
management and that everyone it wants is responsible to every other
person. And we even got rid of founder and co-founder titles. There are
no founders at Watsky. We believe what is in a perpetual state of being
founded. It\'s crazy to me. Every new person that joins our team brings
something completely new. They changed the entire trajectory of the
organization they change the future of Watsky. It\'s nuts to think that
we\'ve been founded right. We\'re constantly changing.

\[00:13:49\] And the last thing we decided was that when ever we were
making a decision any decision that impacted our patients or the impact
that our donors that we\'d always treat our patients and our donors
exactly how we would want to be treated if we were in their specific
situation so we worked on Watson for a year and a half every Tuesday
built the site for nothing and then spent three thousand dollars to try
and get a nonprofit which we did ourselves and got denied and then we
figured out a way to get it. But we post it I will never forget the day
we launched we launched on August 3rd of 2012 we launched at 9a.m. in
the morning and we sent out an e-mail to our entire network. Now are
thinking okay it\'s going to go crazy now. Ten minutes no donations 15
minutes no donations. Crickets. My mom donated. Grace\'s mom donated
Jessie\'s mom donated. Our friends and family slowly donated. And then
about an hour and a half two hours after we sent out the e-mail that was
it. That was our big fancy launch two to two and a half or so. That was
it. And so I said I decided that I wanted to post a hacker news. I\'d
never posted a hacker news in my entire life I never even made a
comment. I was too scared that you were just going to destroy me. But I
did. I decided not to tell our team because I figured no one was going
to vote. And I don\'t want them to all get disappointed. So my plan was
that I would post a hacker news and if I got up as I tell a team but if
it didn\'t get up votes I was just going to delete it and pretend like
it never happened. And so I posted a hacker news outlet like maybe like
a Pisces on there I can\'t see it at 11a.m. that morning and by
lunchtime we were the number one post on Hacker News sent 16000 unique
visitors to Watsky. We funded every single medical treatment almost
instantly and our entire pipeline. We had 189 comments on Hacker News.
Hundreds of tweets hundreds of Facebook posts hundreds of e-mails text
messages. It was just absolutely crazy. And I remember I told my boss I
was working in finance in the city that\'s him and I was like I knew the
day off and I just sat at my desk shaking answering Hacker News comment
after Hacker News comment for the entire day so after we launched we got
Hacker News and then a few days later NBC picked it up into an article
about what to you which was like the coolest thing ever. And then a few
days after that I was in bed and I got a Google or that tech crunch had
written an article about Wannsee. I had no idea they were going to
write. I have no idea they even knew who what he was and I remember this
is so embarrassing.

\[00:16:16\] I remember like I was I was crying. I was so happy like we
were on tech crunch that was like the biggest thing in the entire world.
I\'ve been reading Tech Crunch and like what\'s was on Tech Crunch and I
don\'t even know they\'re going to write about us. And I remember
turning to my girlfriend at the time and saying do you think all this
started startups a tech conference about her seriously as crappy as we
are.

\[00:16:37\] Laughter.

\[00:16:38\] And she\'s like.

\[00:16:49\] And she\'s like What do you mean why she\'s not crappy and
I\'m like I know what she\'s like crappy The idea is awesome on the Web
site\'s good but we have no office no full time employees you can\'t
even donate to a page on our Web site because we\'re completely out of
patience and you don\'t know what to do and we wouldn\'t even send you
an ink. We wouldn\'t even send your receipt. You would just donate and
that was. It\'s like it was absurd. But none of that mattered. We\'re on
tech crunch and that was I mean we\'re on top of the world. And so then
like all good startup stories this our actual numbers. So these are this
monthly revenue since day one. Tech Crunch was that first. Kind of like
blob or designer kind of smooth this out. So normally pointy. I think
she is trying to secretly make us look better. But that first trough of
sorrow as we\'d never thought about what would happen after we launched
we never in our wildest dreams thought that we would find all the
patients like we thought we had six months worth of patients and they
were funded in a few hours. And so everything was broke and nothing was
working I decided to quit my job and I said I got to do this. I\'ve got
to try and do what\'s you full time and the next rational thing to do
was to fundraise. We had no money and the only way to run an
organization is to get some money and pay people.

\[00:17:58\] So I went out start fundraising and fundraising was just a
complete disaster. No one gave us money.

\[00:18:07\] Spun worse actually the worst part of the worst parts of
being a nonprofit that no one will ever tell you know everyone to go
like this. They\'ll put you on the back and they\'ll say good job
you\'re doing something really good for the world that\'s awesome. I
really want to help you but they\'ll never write you a check. And so I
did that for like three months just spinning our wheels. I kept telling
the team we\'re so close there\'s like these 50 people that are about to
give us the money I promise. That gave us the money. So then about three
months later it\'s November 22nd and I\'m flying to Southern California
to spend Thanksgiving with my dad. The plane lands in Southern
California. I check my e-mail and in my personal e-mail there a message
from Paul Graham and Paul grammas in a recent post about what\'s on
Hacker News. I mean I found my personal email through my hacker news
account and he just wrote two sentences and the sentences were. Are you
in the Bay Area. If so I\'d like to meet an hour of being so excited
that I got off the airplane and left all my luggage for Thanksgiving on
the airplane just left it there.

\[00:19:06\] Laughter. All I needed was my cell phone. Just like this
like off Theraflu.

\[00:19:17\] So Jesse flew down from Portland ME ABOUT Puji a few weeks
later in Mountain View met with Jessica. He wrote us our first check.
Within like an hour I\'d be meeting with people for three months and no
unarrested check Puji made our first donation. We joined Y Combinator
commoner as the best thing ever happened Wannsee on people always ask
why. I\'m already running out of time. But people always ask why and the
big three things we got out of. I see the first was focus. It enabled
Jesse to come from Portland Grayslake I\'m from New York the three of us
lived in work in Mountain View. All we focus on was what Sea and beyond
that what Airblue and it actually taught us was to only focus on one
metric. We only looked at one metric for three months and the only thing
we try to do for 3 months was to get more people to donate was weekly
donations just to get more people to donate. We manage to increase
weekly donations 30 percent every week. The second thing I see gave us
was a network. It\'s like when you go to college you\'re like wow.
Everyone here is kind of like me. Why CEOs like that times a thousand. I
mean it\'s the most amazing network of advisers and entrepreneurs. I
could honestly ever have imagined being a part of. And the third thing
was a stamp of approval. I think that now that I see is accepting
nonprofits this might actually maybe be more important for nonprofits
and for profits. But in the nonprofit world nonprofit philanthropists
and foundations are the most risk averse group of people on the planet.
No one is willing to take a bet on a new nonprofit. Everyone\'s afraid
of being burned and to have wisely come on board and say we\'re taking a
bet we\'re making a public bet on Watsa you made it really easy when you
eventually went out and started fundraising. So we went out fundraising
take two. And I learned my lesson the first time and I said we made a
new rule that we\'re only going to fundraise for three months and
that\'s it even if we don\'t raise a dime in three months we\'re not
going to fund raise again for 18 months. We\'re going to work as
volunteers all bartend. I don\'t care. I\'m not going to fundraise a day
longer than three months. So I went out started fundraising and again it
was a complete disaster and it was a complete disaster because I didn\'t
know what we were selling. When you\'re a for profit what you\'re
selling is obvious you\'re selling a return. Give me a million dollars
and I\'m gonna give you a billion dollars in ten years. Give me let me
to talk about it with a nonprofit. Everyone gives you money for a
different reason. It\'s really complicated. And at the start I got
talked into reading these god awful books a nonprofit fundraising that
just ruined my brain. But these books told me that I should sell
emotion. They said you should go out and tell stories about your
patients and make people happy and make people cry and then ask them for
money. And I felt like a complete fraud. It was just stupid. And so I
tried to do that and the meetings were just terrible. No one gave us
money. So that lasted for like two days and then the next thing I tried
was I thought we should sell impact. What about profits do you sell
impact. Right. So created all these really fancy models and went to all
of our donors and said if you give us the money it\'s better than
getting all these other nonprofits money you give us money. Look at this
model and you\'re going to somehow manage to help education in Rwanda in
15 years by funding these girls medical care. But I felt like a suffix.
I was just like inventing numbers. Do was 16 months old I had no idea
what impact you were going to have in six months. So that didn\'t work
either. And then I finally realized what we were actually selling at
Wannsee and what were selling at Watsky is a vision and that vision is
incredibly simple.

\[00:22:23\] If I asked all of you right now to raise your hand if you
would give me five hundred dollars for global health right now raise
your hand if you give me 500 dollars oh my gosh we should all go get
beers after this talk. Now look to the person sitting next to you. Look
you look look look look look at them in the eye. I\'m like matchmaking
right now I can see you.

\[00:22:46\] Laughter. Look at the person in the eye. And now imagine I
told you that unless you give me five dollars right now that person\'s
going to drop dead in the next minute. Raise your hand raise your hand
if you\'re going to let that person die.

\[00:23:00\] Laughter laughter here are the people I don\'t want to get
beers after.

\[00:23:07\] That was the vision we were selling at Watsky and the
vision was incredibly simple. The vision was that if we make the world
smaller we\'re going to make the world better.

\[00:23:16\] And that vision worked. We went out we had 138 meetings in
five states over the course of three months. Of those 138 meetings 36
people were Watsa a check over a thousand dollars. Of those 36 people 13
hurt whatever check over twenty five thousand dollars. The average the
median donation amount was twenty five thousand dollars. What\'s your
raise one point two million dollars which if you do the math is eight
thousand eight hundred dollars per meeting which is just mind boggling.

\[00:23:42\] We got really lucky some of the best people some of the
best technologists best investors and best philanthropists in the world
took a bet on us Polygram donated Ron Conaway donated Kosala donated
tents and donated Jeff Raulston donated it blew my mind. And that\'s not
a responsibility that we take lightly. Watches in a crazy place right
now.

\[00:24:03\] On the one hand things are as good as I could have ever
imagined. First nonprofit in my commentor with 18 months of runway in
the bank we just built the most awesome team I could have ever imagined
we\'re in donated awesome office space in the mission by Teespring my
favorite freaking startup in the world with all of our friends like we
are living the dream and it\'s awesome. And on the other hand things are
just crazy. We just got sick. We just have we have a ton of challenges.
We just started getting hit with an onslaught of credit card fraud these
jackasses in Jamaica are stealing credit card numbers and don\'t pay on
Watty to see if they work a billion dollar health care company. A
billion dollar healthcare company is lying about taking us to court for
trademark infringement right in our operations putting in so many
patients which is a good problem to have. They\'re just crumbling our
donations like our operations are great scary. It\'s just grace.

\[00:24:56\] She just processes everything nothing is automated and
it\'s all breaking so there\'s a ton of challenges at Watsky. But if I
can offer one piece of advice on my 25 minutes of rambling even then I
said I wouldn\'t offer any advice. My one piece of advice would be this
and it\'s find something to work on that you care about more than
yourself.

\[00:25:16\] And as far as I\'m concerned what\'s he cannot fail. It\'s
actually impossible. And the reason it\'s impossible is that all we ever
have to do is fund one more patient. One more human life. That\'s all we
ever have to do. And if I have to spend the rest of my life trying to
fund that one patient. And even if I die before it happens. My life will
have been a success because I went out trying to do something right.

\[00:25:46\] I went out trying to do something that mattered more than I
did and I don\'t know. But for me I couldn\'t imagine a better way to go
out than that. Thanks guys. Applause.
