**Chris Dixon at Startup School 2013-akOazwgDiSI.mp4**  \[00:00:00\] So today I want to talk about good ideas or look like bad ideas. So there\'s a great.  \[00:00:07\] Clickers not working.  \[00:00:14\] Technical problems OK thanks. So there\'s a greatP.G. blog post where he talks about Peter Teil came to talk.  \[00:00:26\] And he said basically there\'s two kinds of ideas. There are good ideas and there are things that seem like bad ideas and most startups are in the sweet spot in the middle which are good ideas that seem like bad ideas. Today I\'m going to basically expound on this idea a little bit. So why good ideas like bad ideas. The kind of the intuition is that good ideas that look like good ideas are already being worked on by academics governments and most of all kind of large companies. So for example you know I want a smartphone that has 10x the battery life and a better screen and more apps and everything else. Apple and Samsung and everyone else are hard at work on that. So by definition you know we investors and entrepreneurs are kind of in the business of the leftovers of the things that everyone else thinks are bad ideas but that we think are you know we discover actually good ideas and I\'m going to give some me start some sort of high profile historical example so it\'s hard to to sort of imagine this now but back in I think it was 98 when Google first launched they were actually very late to the search engine world at the time. The search search was dominated by large portals like Yahoo and Lykos and excite and they actually thought of search as kind of a loss leader. The real business was being a portal and and putting display ads everywhere. In fact if you go back and look at all of the literature at the time people are sort of the media the press reports and things like this. Everyone was talking about stickiness stickiness was kind of the key and it was like sort of today it would be like vitality or whatever some of the sort of things everyone is trying to have. You want it sticking this mutable stuck on your Web site so that you can show them more ads. Google was the opposite of it it was so incredibly good at finding the right search results that people would immediately leave the Web site and in fact there\'s a famous anecdote where the Google guys were trying to when they first started off trying to sell their technology for like a million dollars to one of the large portals in the city of large portal tried out like this works too well. The problem is people are going to leave my site. Can you make it work less well. And like actually give me bad results is a true story. And so the point is that Google came in. I mean obviously Google had an amazing technology but in some ways their insight was actually this very contrarian business idea of getting people off the Web site and that no one had any idea how they\'d make money. No oneV.C. who went to visit the house of the Google founders were staying there working.  \[00:03:03\] They were kind of the garage and actually snuck out the back. So he wouldn\'t have to meet somebody who working on a search engine because you why such an obviously bad idea.  \[00:03:11\] Another good example here is Airbnb Inbee which we all know now is one of the great successes of our modern startup era and because course came from my C and D when it first started off seemed to most people like this kind of weird niche kind of hipster activity something that maybe you\'d see in like the Missioner of Brooklyn or something like this you know like who\'s going to stay on someone else\'s couch you know. You know lots of great people investors who you know and sort of industry observers who\'ve been very smart about things all thought this is sort of this weird niche behavior and you know it\'s jury\'s still out but it seems as if it\'s on its way to being kind of almost a replacement to the hotel industry.  \[00:03:53\] It is another one which maybe this crowd is a little bit going back in time but it\'s hard to imagine now but when they first came out the you know the Internet had just started. It just you know just been invented a few years ago and or at least commercialized a few years ago and to most people it looked like.  \[00:04:14\] Why would you want to go and take stuff out of your attic and stuff you\'d sell in a garage sale and sell it online like lawn gnomes and all this kind of stuff is basically. So it seemed like one to be kind of a niche weird behavior too by the way that was before there were kind of these modern ways to do online payments like PayPal. So you literally like the idea was I\'m going to put my long Gnome on the web someone to across in Florida or something is going to buy it and they\'re going to send me a check through the mail. Right. Which just seemed kind of like a preposterous thing and actually a funny side anecdote is the founder here Omidyar. It was sort of a hobbyist who had a bunch of different interests. And when he pitched easy he was showing his sort of personal homepage. And one of his interest was the Ebola virus. So from what I\'ve heard from that he sees that the pitch was you go to his site and there\'s Ebola virus and then eBay auction Web sites. You can imagine how that was received.  \[00:05:06\] So then the question is if so how do you develop a good idea.  \[00:05:14\] Looks like a bad idea as an entrepreneur. And the answer is you need to know a secret and by secret here I mean secret in the kind of Peter Teil sense if you\'ve read his great class notes Blake Mazur\'s class notes about the course he taught which he defines as something you believe that most other people don\'t believe. So then the question is how how do you develop a secret and I think there are a few ways and I\'ll talk about them here. One of the ways to know the tools better than anyone else usually in our business is sort of the software business the tools means knowing you know computer science and technology. Anyone else. So example here is Dropbox actually knew Drew. I started my first company was in Boston when he was in Boston and I actually was trying to recruit him for a long time which is great obviously genius.  \[00:06:05\] And he I remember he came in he was like look I want to do a cloud storage thing this is like I forget 2007 or something. And. At the time that actually cloud storage had been a big trend in venture capital. And so I remember looking with him added like a tech crunch article that was like literally like 100 cloud storage companies that launched the last two years half of whom had been venture funded you know and just sort of step back and like look at it from the big picture point of view it seemed like a you know a crazy thing to do like to enter such a crowded market I think my take on it is what he realized is that if you actually use that software the other competitor software it was like this totally janky like web thing and the like click on it and you wait 10 minutes and you download the file and you have to upload it with all you know is just totally like it was basically made by sort of business people who are like cloud storage the future and you know what he realized was that to do it right. You know you had to do like you had to feel like it was a local hard drive right it had to there which of course we all know from the way it works now which is actually a very non-trivial technical problem to do it reliably and like you know you got to do like the net hole punching in like sinking and making sure you know taking care of all these adverse conditions. It turned out to be actually like it made sense in the end that sort of anM.I.T. you know brilliant engineer was the one who kind of cracked that problem.  \[00:07:32\] Another way to know a secret is to know the problems better than anyone else. So an example here is Kickstarter. Most people. You know who probably most of you first heard of Kickstarter probably around 2010 or so and they kind of got big.  \[00:07:48\] The founders were actually working on the idea for about 10 years and trying to raise money. The founder CEO Perry Chen he he he actually came from kind of the artistic community kind of one of the people that would be doing a project today on Kickstarter.  \[00:08:02\] He was living in New Orleans and at one point wanted to put together a music festival and had a bunch of people who wanted to go to a music festival willing to pay had musicians who were willing to play if they could do it. It had no way to coordinate the two which you know as we know now is sort of a Kickstarter does he also was aware of being deeply into that community was aware of sort of the history of it all going back to like is on steadily like you know sort of a patronage model for the Arts and just sort of understanding this was a this was a normal behavior both among the kind of backers and the project creators but many many people who whose job it is to identify good ideas thought this was a very bad idea for a long time. So another way to go to come up with the secret is to draw from your own kind of life experience background ideas Tuckahoe myself my own experience here for a second. So I started a company called site adviser back in 2004. This is when this was kind of I think of that as 2004 is kind of the worst period at least in the modern probably ever.  \[00:09:03\] I think on the Web in terms of security problems if you remember for those of you who remember there was there you probably all of your friends were complaining about getting pop up ads and they were using Internet Explorer on aP.C. And it was like pads everywhere fishing everywhere.  \[00:09:18\] It was kind of a mess. The question then was why didn\'t all of the incumbent security companies like McAfee Symantec do anything about it. They.  \[00:09:27\] The reason is that they saw Stacy there they saw their mandate as being salving kind of technical problems meaning making sure there isn\'t an exploit in the browser making sure there isn\'t you know whatever exploit or something. And most of the problems that were happening then were what we what known as social engineering problems which means that that basically everything was all of the technical features were operating properly.  \[00:09:54\] But you know users were tricked into doing things and in fact so their solution was to put out white papers that said you know users should be smarter about downloading software or something like this.  \[00:10:05\] And so we the idea here is I think where we had a kind of a unique advantages that we didn\'t kind of come to this from the security world. We came to it from the consumer Internet world where we didn\'t sort of see these kinds of religious boundaries between technical social engineering threats and so much more as a consumer Internet Person Would as let\'s just try to create a better user experience using whatever kind of means necessary. And it\'s funny because like we went and talked to a lot of our investors went and talked to people at the incumbent security companies and they all said it was a terrible idea for the reasons I just said.  \[00:10:35\] And I remember pitching and I pitched a ton of CS and it was this really frustrating thing where it felt like to us like it was as obvious as like you know whatever this bottle of water sitting on the table can you see this bottle of water. And they were like No I can\'t see what are you talking about and like is it a fishing tool or is it enticed by it like trying to put you in all these categories. And notice it like when you sort of think when you sort of really develop a secret it actually ends up being quite frustrating talking to the people that haven\'t. Because you\'re just sort of trying to show them what you think is obvious but they can\'t see.  \[00:11:10\] So now I want to just a little bit about some of the sort of high level characteristics of these kinds of good ideas look like bad ideas. One of them is that powerful people often dismiss them as toys so.  \[00:11:26\] A very famous example here is the telephone which basically when the telephone was invented the incumbent company of the time was Western Union who used telegraph systems to you know primarily for people like railroads to communicate to communicate across the country. The telephone was first invented it can only go like a mile or something like this. And so you know what the Western Union said is this is this doesn\'t solve the problems of our customers. Also the idea of like voice applications like what are you going to do with voice like you can actually go back and it\'s kind of sounds funny now but you actually go back and read it and people are like what\'s the point of voice. We already can encode the information in Morse code. And like there\'s nothing else you want to do. And so they had the opportunity to buy the technology very cheaply and didn\'t. And of course what they underestimated is kind of the classic Clay Christiansen thing where if you\'re familiar with his books innovator\'s dilemma. There\'s this famous curve which is sort of the rate at which technology gets better is sort of like this and the kind of demands on technology doesn\'t go up as fast and what that means is that the technology often quickly catches up and while it\'s at that kind of low point it often looks like a toy to a lot of people. A modern example of this is Skype. Years ago I looked back in 2003 I had the opportunity to actually work on.  \[00:12:47\] As part of a team that worked on one of the early investments in skype and helped write one of the memos for the investment.  \[00:12:53\] And our big kids it sounds funny now but all this stuff sounds funny in retrospect. Our big concern if you go back was that people most people don\'t have microphones in their computers. And would they be willing to drive down to Best Buy. I mean is it actually in the memo you know like microphone options like the key issue. And so again like people all be willing to go and drive to Best Buy or whatever whatever and do that. The other thing was the quality was lower of course they got better as bandwidth got better.  \[00:13:23\] I think that was another issue with broadband narrowband adoption will broadband ever get adopted I remember hearing McKinsey like the head of McKinsey explained to me that no one would ever adopt broadband or something.  \[00:13:33\] So anyway so the the sky and the other at the time also if you move a vantage vantage was sort of the one that people were kind of more excited about Skype also had problems connecting to the pots or telephone system. But you literally if you go back you\'ll see people said it like all of the telephone companies said it was a toy using those words.  \[00:13:57\] So another key characteristic of good ideas like batteries is that they unbundle the functions done by others. So let me explain this for example newspapers. So one way to think of newspapers is as sort of a collection of functions. There\'s the brand of the newspaper you know if I read The New York Times I\'m maybe more likely to trust that than if I read something else. There\'s a curatorial function which is you know the New York Times tells you what\'s important based on what it puts on the front page. There\'s distribution. You know prior to the Internet. The New York Times would print newspapers and drive around and deliver them classified ads you know back then was an important function. And so then you know what happened.  \[00:14:36\] Is over time each of those functions kind of got picked off one by one. So this is important like it doesn\'t happen a lot of these things like kind of in one fell swoop it happens piece by piece.  \[00:14:46\] And so first the Internet itself came along and you read the New York Times online. Suddenly what\'s the point to getting it printed and distributed to you right. And then you know then Craigslist came along and you know it\'s a better way to do classifieds are all in the same placeetc. Right so that sort of picks off that function and then social came along you know Twitter and Facebook and you know just e-mail and whatever else. And suddenly a lot of people started getting to know what the curatorial function of what\'s on the front page became less and less important right. So far more people now you know what they read if they read the New York Times today and they read it that\'s determined by what\'s shared with him on Twitter Facebook et cetera. So then the curatorial function goes away and I would argue sort of the last function is starting to go away which is Nate Silver is an example which is you know the individual reporters now because of these other distribution mechanisms and Twitter and Facebooketc. are able to build up their own audiences which in some ways becomes you know the audience becomes more loyal to the individual contributor than to the organization.  \[00:15:48\] So an example here Mookie\'s Udacity is we\'re investors in. There\'s also Coursera. So if you read a lot of the kind of. Mainstream press about about nukes they\'ll say they\'ll say things like oh that doesn\'t replace you know the university experience and what they\'re missing is that it\'s not supposed to replace it. You should think of the university as a bundle of multiple functions so you know it\'s a social experience. It\'s a credentialing service. You know you went to so-and-so school there\'s a credential. It\'s just it\'s coursework its tests.  \[00:16:21\] It\'s maybe plays a job kind of recruiting function right. If what you should expect is that the the the same pattern that played out with newspapers have lost 20 years I believe will play out in education over the next 10 to 20 years. But you\'ll see things happen layer by layer and because it happens layer by layer. All of the kind of mainstream pundits sort of look at each layer and they say that layer stupid you know it\'s only one part of it. Right. Which of course is the whole point of it and that\'s why they dismiss it as a bad idea. So another key characteristic of these good ideas bad ideas is they often originate as hobbies. The kind of the mental model I use is that in the startup world we kind of have basically two constituencies we have business people and we have technical people and each of the two constituencies has a has a method of voting on what they think is interesting in the future business people\'s way of voting is by allocating money at the workplace. So that\'s you know now includes me as a venture capitalist includes a CEO of a company or a head of a department. You know engineers I\'m simplifying the technical business people. But but the basic idea is that some of the smartest engineers they don\'t get to vote with their dollars but they do get to vote with their time. And so they vote with their time by working on what they think the coolest stuff is on the weekends and at night. And this plays out. I mean it\'s amazingly how how predictable predictive this kind of heuristic is going back to. Obviously the Homebrew Computer Club with jobs and jobs jobs and whatnot aka.  \[00:18:03\] Homebrew Computer Club with jobs and Bosnak.  \[00:18:07\] Of course theP.C. you know sort of a lot of the sort of things around theP.C. originated blogs started out as hobbyists among hobbyists. The Web did a lot of you know Web page people creating websites and browsers and things like this. So many opensource things started that way. So today if you look around you\'ll see people working on what you know what is it like. I mean you guys I assume its bit coin and 3D printing and drones and the like whatever a whole bunch of interesting like you know big data frameworks and those that are kind of cool stuff.  \[00:18:44\] So you know this stuff tends to get dismissed as a as bad idea by kind of the mainstream because oh that\'s a toy that\'s a hobbyist thingetc. So just give an example get Hubb which you know a lot of I mean get have of course is based literally on an open source project get as you guys know.  \[00:19:01\] But but also I think you can think of it as one may think of it as sort of the work the work processes that get hub the Hub enables began in the hobbyist and the open source sort of hobbyist community where you had large distributed kind of nonhierarchical or semi hierarchical groups trying to work together and coordinate. And it turns out I think we believe where investors get it but it turns out that you have a very same kind of work process within large organizations so if you look at it like an eBay or something and people working all over the place are semi structured the way the coordinates are just an example of kind of a tool and a process that began in the in the sort of hobbyist world and has made its way into the workplace. Another characteristic of good ideas like bad ideas is that they often challenge social norms. So you know we talked about how people sort of got that kind of queasy feeling around everybody and be an eBay.  \[00:20:04\] I think that you know that it\'s hard to think about and start to realize now but flicker flicker had many innovations. But one of the key ones was that it defaulted photos to being public.  \[00:20:19\] So prior to flicker there were online photo repositories but they were all private ones like Shutterfly where you\'d upload your photos maybe share them with a few friends. And it was really shocking to people that you would go into default into public eye what kind of behaviors that Facebook is another good example where you know we\'ve seen it repeatedly where Facebook made made various changes to sort of how sharing and other things were probably most famously with the change to the news feed where there\'s sort of an outcry and you know sort of challenge the social norms but now has become you know the things that the innovations Facebook made there have now become you know mostly just sort of standard UI devices and sort of all modern social software so to wrap it up a little bit.  \[00:21:05\] So had I learned a secret not to be kind of sort of like cutely recursive but I sort of think of this presentation itself as a secret.  \[00:21:15\] The way I learned this was like with all secrets sort of through direct experience just sort of both being a book Through My Eyes sort of my own startup\'s but then through angel investing I actually went back kind of systematically and looked at all of the investments the both that I\'d made and I probably just point out the thousands of investment pitches and made dozens of investments missed dozens of good investments and went through and kind of tried to look systematically at what the best predictor would have been. And this came out as by far sort of whether the founder had some technical expertise or a problem domain expertise or some kind of direct experience where they sort of learned a secret and then just I guess just wrapping it up I would say you know if I were this I assume a lot of people here are entrepreneurs or aspiring entrepreneurs. I would encourage you to think about.  \[00:22:16\] I think there\'s one of two ways to develop startup ideas. One is through direct experience whether it\'s direct experience with tools as I was talking about like technologies or direct experience with some problem or direct experiences that bring you to have some perspective.  \[00:22:31\] And there\'s another way to develop them which is like through sort of abstract things like analyst reports and trends and analogies.  \[00:22:41\] You know I\'m going to do GNB for wire ruber for X or that kind of thing. And I think I think that in my opinion the best ideas come from direct experience not abstract things and in fact sort of by definition because the abstract things tend to like if you go read whatever an analyst reports The New York Times it tends to just be an encapsulation of conventional wisdom. Whereas the opportunities tend to lie kind of in you know when you take your direct experience and diff it with the conventional wisdom.  \[00:23:12\] That\'s where the good startup ideas are. Thanks. 
