**Dan Siroker at Startup School 2013-k4\_3uluQsq4.mp4**  \[00:00:00\] Thank you. I have the privilege of saying this is my sixth Startup School and the first time as a presenter and today I\'m going to be sharing with you what I would have wanted to hear of the first five times while I was sitting in your seat. So I\'m going to start by telling you my story. The story of my entrepreneurial career starts while I was in college and I had the opportunity to do research in machine learning and sentiment classification and what I did was to try to use that technology to apply to the stock market. And so this is a article that Stanford magazine published while I was a junior at Stanford and talks about how they created a computer program that Poris through newspaper articles gauges how well a company is doing based on the amount of positive or negative language used to describe it invest accordingly. So far so good. According to the article. Well here\'s what was actually going on that year after I graduated focused entirely on this one startup by myself. I was actually starting this company and this is the algorithm I used.  \[00:01:01\] Did a bunch of research dot dot dot profit. And we didn\'t quite achieve profit by we I mean me because I was by myself this is a graph that shows the amount of time between when I first wrote a line of code for this company and the time we got our first paying customer laughter for those in the back that\'s not eight months.  \[00:01:25\] That\'s infinity months.  \[00:01:28\] So this is a very valuable lesson for me in recognizing the value in having paying customers. And so I decided to stop working on sentiment solutions and go to Google and my goal of going to Google was to try to learn the skills that would make me successful as an entrepreneur. In particular I wanted to understand what to do in the dot dot dot. And today I\'m going to share with you what I learned both at Google and then several other startups. Since. This is my algorithm at Google basically had opportunity to build some great products. I was one of the first product managers on Google Chrome and so we built a product. Google Chrome. A good strategy that Google has for distribution is to put the word google in front of the products they build and by doing that you end up getting about 100000 people trying your product right off the bat. That was very valuable not only because if the product was any good you would grow much faster and you\'d be successful. But because of the feedback that those people would provide as you\'re incrementally improving the product and this is the biggest lesson I learned was that Google as a product manager is the value of a feedback loop. This is one critical thing I was missing at sentiment solutions because I didn\'t have any customers to tell me what they liked or what they didn\'t like. I didn\'t even try to sell the products I had no idea what I actually should be building.  \[00:02:43\] While I was at Google. I got lucky enough to be able to sneak in and see Barack Obama speak in November of 2007.  \[00:02:51\] At the time he was a senator running for president he had won the Democratic nomination yet and he came to Google and he gave a talk that described how he wanted to take what we\'re doing at Google with evidence and science and feedback and data and bring that to the government. After I saw this talk two weeks later I flew to Chicago and signed up as a volunteer. And so I want to share with this audience a few short clips of what Barack Obama said in November 2007 at Google and what inspired me to quit my job fly to Chicago in the dead of winter and join his campaign.  \[00:03:30\] What is the most efficient way to sort of a million 32 bit integers. Laughter.  \[00:03:37\] Well I\'m sorry. Maybe not. No no no no no. I think that\'s not it. I think I think the bubble sort would be the wrong way to go. I\'m not a big believer in reason and facts and evidence and science and feedback.  \[00:03:56\] Everything that allows you to do what you do. That\'s what we should be doing in our name. Now I want I want people in technology I want innovators and engineers and scientists like yourselves I want you helping us make policy based on facts based on reason. And  \[00:04:18\] I think that many of you can help me. So I want you to be involved. Thank you so much everybody.  \[00:04:24\] Well he had me at bubble sort laughter and I decided to fly to Chicago and sign up as a volunteer. And I was lucky enough to be able to join a team that was called the new media team. And while I was there I got it opportunity to run several experiments called A B tests and those were quite successful so they gave me a job as the Director of Analytics and in this job my mission was to try to figure out how to use data to help make better decisions on the campaign.  \[00:04:55\] Here\'s a picture of our team. We are part of the new media analytics team and new media was the phrase The campaign used to describe everything they didn\'t really understand. So if it wasn\'t TV or radio you fit in new media. And we had the most monitors per square inch of any part of the campaign. Here\'s another photo of our team I\'m there in the middle with my back to the TV. This is during the Democratic National Convention. Well Bill Clinton is giving the keynote speech and broader new media team is watching. I\'m busy setting up anA.B test comparing a picture of Bill Clinton to a picture of Barack Obama on. This photo I please ask you to ignore all the bad lights. Laughter.  \[00:05:35\] And so the campaign I learned quite a bit. I learned the value of a b testing. We used products like Google Web site optimizer Omniture test and target now Adobe tests and Target and got a ton of value out of those products. But we were constantly bottlenecked on requiring developers to be part of the process. And so that pain was the original inspiration for starting optimizing. It took me a while to come to that realization. We actually started several other companies before that and so I got to tell you those stories. After the campaign I came back to San Francisco. I convinced a good friend of mine Pete Cuman who is a product manager at Google as well to quit his job and to start a company with me.  \[00:06:14\] The first company we started together it was called carrot sticks and it was an online math game for kids. This made it easy for kids to learn math in a social way create an avatar field compete with one another and it was for us an opportunity to try to apply technology to something we really cared about which was education.  \[00:06:33\] This was a product we really were still very proud of it still exists out in the world. You can go to care six ICOM and beat up on a bunch of small kids playing math and it slowly loses money over time and we learned a valuable lesson in building carrot sticks and this is the algorithm that describes the time on carrot sticks which was that we would basically build a product.  \[00:06:57\] Sell the product. In this case we were selling it to parents. Take their feedback and then try to make our company and our product better. One challenge here was we were selling to several different constituents of which we were none of we were parents we weren\'t teachers and we weren\'t kids. And so this made it very difficult for us to know what to prioritize what to do and what not to do. And as a startup it\'s really really important to focus on the one or two things that make you really really valuable and unique so in that process we learned the value of the feedback loop we could get better over time but because we didn\'t really build a product for ourselves is very hard for us to understand how to prioritize. We also had a really big challenge with distribution. It\'s very difficult to get parents and teachers to adopt our technology. And if you do you have to do it one at a time. There\'s no scale there\'s no leverage and distribution. And so here is a graph of our second venture Musak my second venture carrot sticks and this is the time between our first line of code and our first paying customer. So we improved dramatically from infinity to six months. And in that we also had the opportunity to recognize that even though we were getting some customers the pace at which we were growing wasn\'t gonna justify a large impactful company. So we learned a lesson here which was it now we decided to try to build a product. We wish we needed Ruesch we had in karats 6. And so that\'s when we started Spratley. Spreadsheet was the company that we apply to Y Combinator in winter of 2010.  \[00:08:29\] And I want to share with you the short version of the demo video or the video we submitted in our Y Combinator application that describes our experience with distribution and carrot sticks. And then why we were inspired to start Spratley.  \[00:08:43\] High and he darn we\'re both former product managers at Google and studied a bunch of computer science in college. I also worked a little bit on the Obama campaign and then the presidential transition doing a startup with people here in some Jusco called cassocks.  \[00:08:57\] So we started working on Keres six about four or five months ago. And the biggest problem we ran into was distribution so getting people to use the software and getting people to talk about the software with their friends. And so we started thinking very hard about that problem and how we would try to solve it. We came up with an idea that recalling spread the Strelley is very simply a discount a merchant can give to a customer if that customer is willing to tell their friends through Twitter or through Facebook through e-mail about the product that they\'ve just popped today. Lime and carrot sticks you can buy Scroope from the critics and if you do that you can get a discount if you tell your friends.  \[00:09:30\] So this video I wanted to share with you because I think it shows a couple things. One is that the human body can only withstand one presidential campaign. Here I had this image of me after gaining 50 pounds on the campaign from just eating deep dish pizza and drinking beer every night. So I wanted to share that. And we also had the opportunity working. It spread. We now wanted to really focus on this feedback loop and getting distribution for our own product. And so we built a product spreadsheet that enabled what we just described and it took us about a month to get our first paying customer. We were also very critical and very focused on understanding whether or not this could be a big sustainable business as fast as we could. And so that\'s part of the mantra of Y Combinator which is to build something people want and I\'ll show you in a second. The algorithm we use to do that for Smedley we realized after.  \[00:10:20\] Joining Y Combinator we got. This is the algorithm pretty straightforward. You get some money and you keep trying to build something people want you learn to improve constantly improve the product based off the feedback from trying to sell it and if it\'s no good if it\'s investing less than insanely great you come up with a better idea. With spread early. The one insight we got pretty quickly was that the the fundamental model didn\'t work.  \[00:10:43\] The social capital it took for somebody to spam their friends about a new product or service was almost always more always worth more than any amount of discount or incentive a business would be willing to pay to get them to do it. So fundamentally the product didn\'t work so after a month we started thinking about what are some other products we wish we would have had. This is a lesson we learned was friendly boy was easy it\'s friendly because we would have wanted that and carrot sticks and so we learned that with optimized optimizes the product. I wish we had in 2008 to make it easy for anybody to doA.B testing. And so we started optimizing. And I remember the first time I even had a conversation about optimizing. We actually spoke to a person I worked with on the Obama campaign Andrew Bleeker. I called them on the phone while working on Spratley. And I pitched him the idea for something that would enable his team without technical resources to do a b testing the same stuff we did back in the Obama campaign. But with a visual interface one time implementation no technical resources and ability for them to continue to iterate and get better. Over and over and over again. And about 20 minutes into the phone call Andrew stopped me and he said that sounds great. Send me an invoice. He thought this was a sales call and I responded by saying how much do you think this is worth. He said oh about a thousand dollars a month sounds right. Which is way more money than we ever made on carrot sticks and Freddy and so what we realized we had the time until our first paying customer was one day. We actually had our first paying customer before we wrote a single line of code that Tuesday. Thank you. So that weekend I built the first prototype and that Tuesday at dinner I showed it to Paul Graham and he looked at it got really excited pointed at this and said this is it. This is it. This isA.B testing for marketers. Forget that other idea. Do this. And so we followed his advice and we did this. The first year of optimizing we grew to a team of four people and an annual run rate of point one million dollars. We did Y Combinator hired my brother as our first engineer and we were we had some great press on Tech Crunch top hacker news a couple times and this entire year we were focused on the product continually improving the product and it was so much easier to do that because we were building a product. I would have wanted myself back in 2008 on the campaign and so we ran a pretty simple algorithm. We kept trying to sell the product. Me and my co-founder Pete were the main salespeople we kept selling it over and over again. And then these conversations potential customers would ask us oh this is cool but can you do targeting. Can you do analytics integration. Can you do traffic allocation. Can you do X Y and Z. And we would take that take that as input and initially we would respond well that we are not doing that right now but that might be something we do in the future and that pattern kept continuing until that phrase that response changed from 0 actually. Great question. Here\'s exactly how you do that. And we would show them in the interface. Oh you want to do targeting here\'s how you do that and that tight feedback loop of listening closely to price prospective customers. Knowing ourselves what we would have wanted in 2008 made this much much easier journey than carrots spread or even sentiment solutions. The next year we grew to a team of ten and an annual run rate of one point two million dollars but a 9 percent increase in revenue. And this year was first time we hired a salesperson. So we had been doing all the selling for the first year and a half. And one of the things I learned this year which I think is really valuable as you get bigger and bigger as a company. The most important thing for me is to focus on hiring. And so we had a pretty standard algorithm for hiring which was a good interview candidate and we would ask ourselves is this candidate better than the mean. Are they better than the average people the average people who already work at optimizing. And if we strive for this goal we will constantly get better or at least stay as good as we\'ve been when we first started. And so this is the algorithm we use we said every candidate we hired but we would ask ourselves Are they better than the mean and if so we would hire them. And as we actually got better at hiring we would improve the process in our startup. We really focused on continuous fruit. We made not only a feedback loop in the product but a feedback loop in our hiring machine which was critical because in the next year we actually grew substantially by the end of the year we were 42 people and an annual run rate of seven point six million dollars. We also in this year had a huge opportunity when it comes to press 2008. We had a couple of stories that were really appealing to reporters. The first was the Obama campaign and the Mitt Romney campaign were in full swing and we are lucky enough to have both of them as customers. So the Obama campaign in 2008 came full circle and that was really gratifying and also very gratifying that the head of the digital team for the Romney campaign said that the hardest decision he had to make was to use optimized for a testing knowing the origin story of it coming from the Obama campaign. So we\'re thrilled about that story which was really helpful early on on CNN. We got on a bunch of other main mainstream media outlets but then there\'s another story that was also really appealing to reporters especially tech reporters and that story was this David versus Goliath story spoon feed them this idea that we are the davit in this battle against Adobe the big evil Adobe who had the time had a product called Omniture Tessanne target which I used a lot in the Obama campaign. This story was very popular and it actually stoked some fires with Adobe which is we\'re really proud of. And it also gave us a lot of press and legitimacy and we had many of the customers who were beaten up and tired and frustrated with the incumbent move to us as a product and in some ways their response really validated our existence.  \[00:16:22\] And so that brings us to today. So if you take this graph and you shrink it down and you add a couple more quarters you\'ll get to where we were this is where we were at the end of the year. We had a team 42 and this is where we are today.  \[00:16:37\] With have a team of 130. We\'ve now launched and we have the product available in 10 different languages. My co-founder and I actually wrote a book to try to get distribution called A B testing the most powerful way to turn clicks into customers. And we really continue to focus on all of the things that made us great from the beginning constantly trying to improve in this year. We also realize that our opportunity as entrepreneurs is not just to run the same algorithms every other startup or every other business runs but to define our own and in particular one thing we did in 2000 and 2013 that I think is pretty unique to the process we used to raise our Series A. The process we use looks something like this we would host a mock board meeting with potential investors. So we had try it. We actually spent three hours with each of the partners that we thought were finalists had them spend time with us have them send time with our management team and really put them through the paces of exactly what they would be like as board members for our company. This is a completely different setting than most entrepreneurs have when they\'re working with an investor which is over dinner or it\'s a pitch meeting down on Tannahill Road. From this we realize what we really wanted an investor and in fact we found an investor. We never thought we would have won it from the beginning because he wasn\'t technical. He didn\'t have operational experience and he wasn\'t all of the things we thought we wanted in the board member. But what he did have was a very very good way of helping us get better which is in the feedback he gave us in the smart board meeting. He focused on asking the right questions not prescribing the right answers. And that really impressed me and my co-founder Pete. And so we asked Peter Fenton from benchmark to join us on the board and we haven\'t looked back. We\'ve been very happy with that decision. So this is what the product is today I\'ll show some quick screenshots today through this process of continuous improvement in innovation. We\'ve built a product that allows you to put in any you are rallying to our home page open up in a visual editor click on any part of that page make a change to it and then run an experiment to see whether that change improves your conversion rate. This fundamental model is the same model that now we\'re applying to other mediums as well and we\'re really excited to continue to grow Knabe enable every business to use data to make better decisions. The vision for our product is to enable the world to turn data into action and we think A B testing is a great first step toward that. One of the things again that has helped us quite a bit as I said earlier is having customers who give us great feedback but not only great feedback but our customers who not only are delighted but our evangelists for our company. So we have a great sales team and optimize. But our real sales team in fact in fact our biggest secret to our success is the sales team of the 5000 happy customers who sing our praise wherever they go. A word of mouth referral from the director of marketing of Starbucks is much more valuable than even the best sales guy at our building. So these are a bunch of algorithms. I just showed you a bunch of algorithms and some of you are probably computer science students here and you might be noticing a pattern. This pattern is something that only recently realized. And this is what I\'m describing actually as in my mind the universal startup algorithm. This is an algorithm you can apply to almost any decision you have to make as an entrepreneur. And it\'s critical for you as a company to get better over time. And this is what that simple algorithm is. Everything you do get feedback use that feedback to make you better focus on continuous improvement. You\'re not going to make the right decisions are not going to do the right things in the beginning but constantly trying to get better is the only way you\'re gonna build a lasting company. This is something that I\'ve seen now from hiring to raising our Series A to building a product and getting press. This algorithm is fundamental to all of the greatest companies. They\'ve all focused on continuous improvement. The second thing I\'ll say about this universal startup algorithm is that a common mistake many entrepreneurs make and I make this mistake all the time is they get trapped in something known as the activity trap. They think their job is to execute the algorithm constantly execute the algorithm. Your job as an entrepreneur is to write the algorithm. Great example of this is Tesla. Tesla has decided that they\'re not going to do the same distribution model that every other car company in the world. They\'re going to sell cars directly. They\'re not going to negotiate prices and they\'re going to cut out the middleman. Elon Musk defined the algorithm he wrote the algorithm for his company and now that\'s going to be a huge advantage for them as they continue to grow.  \[00:21:00\] Thank you very much applaud. 
