**Diane Greene at Startup School 2013-zSEeFxq2X\_c.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] Hi there. I\'ve been in this auditorium once before. I
think it was before you were born. It was 1989 and I was working for
Tandem Computers which was one of the biggest companies in Silicon
Valley and the very wonderful irreverent Founder CEO was holding an all
hands meeting. And I was in the audience as a software engineer. So
it\'s pretty special to be here today. I\'ve done three startups. The
first one was a low band BMW streaming video company the extreme that
Microsoft bought was the basis for their movie player and came out of
Silicon Graphics Internet television project. And then I\'m doing a
startup right now which I\'m not going to talk about. And then the
second startup I cofounded was VM in that I\'m going to try and sort of
tell you a little bit about how we got going on VMware and how that
company started just by way of background we founded the company in
1998.

\[00:01:21\] It\'s virtualization we created sort of the virtualization
industry and what it is it\'s a layer of software that sits between the
hardware and the operating system kind of fakes out the operating system
to think it\'s running on the hardware lets you run multiple operating
systems that can be moved around on a single computer across computers
and works on desktops and servers and increases efficiency makes things
easier to use and so forth. So that was what we did. I left the company
in 2008. Our run rate was about 2 billion. We grew my last quarter we
had year over year growth of 54 percent. About 6000 people in offices
all over the world.

\[00:02:04\] And it continues to be an even bigger company today okay.

\[00:02:11\] So one thing we did when we startedV.M. where was we had a
big vision.

\[00:02:16\] And to lessen constraints and facilitate innovation for
other system builders as well as end users of computers. And we also
pushed ourselves. We said it would be ubiquitous by the year 2000. We
missed by a good six years or so but we did make it ubiquitous.

\[00:02:36\] And then we we had some students leave school on us so we
had a goal of getting them to get theirPh.D. and interestingly enough
one of them after getting married having two kids in grade school went
back to Stanford and finished his pitch. And he\'s a professor in
Switzerland now.

\[00:02:56\] So but but we had this big vision.

\[00:03:01\] This was our founding team minus myself I took the picture.
And it has my husband who\'s Professor of Computer Science at Stanford.
His two of his graduate students Ed and Scott and then my husband I met
at UC Berkeley and graduate school computer science and the other person
came from there and then one was there employee number one. He was a
undergraduate working on the research project. And I\'m proud to say
that he has gone on.

\[00:03:34\] Founded his own company in which Google recently bought an
just for historic reasons.

\[00:03:46\] For those of you that are local. This was our first office
over the cheese board in town and country shopping center. And I know
people are paying upwards 5 6 dollars versus square foot today. We were
a little luckier it was Adella 75 when we got our first office.

\[00:04:03\] And one little bit of advice we didn\'t we we we made sure
we had desks to sit at but we didn\'t really spend much on fixing up the
office.

\[00:04:11\] I brought in unbelievable office manager. She was more like
the chief operating officer when we were about 10 people and that\'s
when we fixed up the office. One other thing worth mentioning about us
and our founding. Once we had decided to found the company I was I
became pregnant with her second child. And so I wasn\'t planning to take
the company all the way. I said Look I\'ll get it off the ground. I know
how to do a startup but I\'m just telling my second kid but it ended up
you know for all the family in the audience it worked just great.

\[00:04:48\] It actually I would have left if it wasn\'t working. My my
daughter was jumping for joy when I told her I was about to do a third
startup. She\'s in high school now. So it couldn\'t have been too bad
for her. You just have to include them like her son\'s fifth birthday.
We moved from this office to another and we rented a pickup truck which
was of course his dream to get to drive a sit in our lap and drive of
pickup truck. So we really integrated the family.

\[00:05:24\] OK. So there were five of us funding sides. What we did we
sell funded initially we said immediate family could put in money but no
friends. We weren\'t told.

\[00:05:35\] I mean it took us many hours the first time I think about
four hours to boot windows on Linux the first time and I was a little
nervous that we were gonna get the performance down but and then once we
convinced ourselves that this was really going to work. We went out for
angel money which very carefully chose our angels to be people that were
very technically sophisticated that would understand what we were doing.
So they were computer scientists it was Andy Becquerel shine.

\[00:06:07\] JOHN HENNESSY And David Sheridan and because they
understood it so well it only took a phone call really you know which is
how a lot of angel investing I think happens. And then once we got a
little further along once we got into the market we decided you know we
need a more runway we would take some more money and we do do a real
outside round and we decided we were selling product at that point.

\[00:06:41\] Desktop product and so we thought well let\'s let\'s let\'s
get some partners to invest in us because they\'ll be strategic. And so
we we looked. We decided that since we had we we\'re going to start down
on the workstation where we\'re going to go into the server once we got
into the server that would be a really difficult market to go into. So
let\'s get the hardware vendors to invest in us. So we won and then we
thought well it\'s IBM Dell or HP and we thought IBM and HP could build
software so they wouldn\'t be good partners in the long term perhaps but
Dell we didn\'t expect. Today they do do software but back then there
was no chance they were going to do software. And so we went to Michael
Delling and convinced him to invest in us and take the lead on a round.
And actually we were going through that round.

\[00:07:41\] This was in 2000 and it was sort of the height of the
bubble and some seeds found out we were doing around some really great
voices and they said what are you doing you should take our money we\'re
gonna do it we\'ll give you you know and we said well we\'re gonna we
decide we would keep the valuation where it was they could they they
were willing to take it higher but we weren\'t and we knew we wanted to
go public. We didn\'t want to ever risk a down round. We believed the
bubble was going to burst and so we held our valuation and Nate and I
kept I didn\'t tell Dell that we were doing. Looking at doing these
scenes I just kept that term Shi going and we move forward with the V CS
and then in April of 2000 the bubble burst and the VCR called up and
said we\'re going to have to have your valuation look what\'s happened
everybody\'s have their valuation now and and we were able to say no we
don\'t need to do that and we close the round the next day with Dell.

\[00:08:44\] It\'s just hard to keep your options open and am we wasn\'t
going to say about the funding.

\[00:08:57\] Oh I couldn\'t say that. You know we were so I\'ll get to
how we launched and how we got our first idea. But I\'ll just mention
that we were people were running Windows on Linux with our product. And
Michael Dell who was our lead investor was quoted in CNN as saying I
invest in lots of Linux companies none of them are ever gonna make a
profit. I just want to help Linux and when you\'re a entrepreneur you
just don\'t like seeing that in the press. Your company fortunately he
was Rog. The downside of non-professional investors you know but he was
he was he was very helpful to us.

\[00:09:44\] So OK.

\[00:09:45\] So we had money we had a place to live and we we were
building our product and this virtualization there was a lot of very
deep technology that we had to do but we had to figure out what we\'re
gonna be our first. You know when you have a giant vision thing you want
to do is find a very doable first milestone that creates value for
somebody. It could be another company it could be a ideally a customer
but it doesn\'t have to be a customer. So what small thing could we do
rather than our big vision and we thought well we had this 686
virtualization you know it would be a really great way for someone that
was running Linux not you know there were a lot of developers using
Linux. Back then it was just starting to rise. Linus Torvalds had not
quite yet been on the cover of Time though. And so we would build a
desktop product that would let you run Windows on Linux. And that way we
would weave and we could also let Linux run on Windows and we figured
that way we could use the Windows device drivers and not have to build
every device driver that APC needs and we wouldn\'t have to go into the
server market. And we also had a rule that we couldn\'t have a
dependency on anybody. So we didn\'t want to require Intel Saby 6
architecture to make any concessions for us because that would give us
them a lot of power over us and we couldn\'t require Microsoft to make
any concessions for our software to run because they would obviously
have complete control over us so we set out to build this desktop
product that would run Windows on Linux or Linux on Windows but requires
zero change for many operating system or chipset vendor and it had to
have adequate performance as someone would want to use it. And we set
that as our first first milestone. And so we kind of got it working. And
we said OK how do we take it to market. We\'ll take it to market as a
Linux tool so that when you want to run you know Mike back then
everybody that worked in a company had to run Microsoft Outlook
Microsoft Office. But they wanted to live in a Linux world. So this was
the way to do it without having to have more than one computers or
having to dual boot and and so and then the Linux community would be a
very technical friendly community for us. So that\'s what we did and we
launched it. Everybody thought we were a Linux tool we had three Linux
companies come to us and try and buy us and we didn\'t know how much we
could charge for that. You got to price your first product. And so we
said well we\'ll just put the data up there we\'ll make it fully
functional free. Anybody can have it over the Internet but they have to.
It\'s only a 30 day trial and they can renew it every 30 days if they
want to go through the hassle because we really weren\'t sure anybody
would pay for it and then we said well if you use it commercially if
you\'re using it in a company you should pay two hundred ninety nine
dollars. And if you don\'t want to have to renew every 30 days and
you\'re just a hobbyist you should pay ninety nine dollars. So it was
this total trust system. We didn\'t know how it would work but we just
put it up on the internet like that and we had to figure out how to
spread the word. You know when we launched this thing so we decided we
would go to a conference that launched startups demo. And that was a
funny anecdote somebody told us we need to hire a marketing person to
help us get into demo. So we hired the person well we brought the person
in. They recommended to talk to them and they demo. You can either be on
stage or you can just have a little you. Everybody gets a table but you
have to audition to get on stage she said you\'ll never get on stage.
And actually we couldn\'t even recruit a PR firm at the time everybody
thought this was such a bad idea. But you know because this was when
Webvan was out there on toys dot com was out there. Pet stock com was
out there. So anyhow so we decided we would launch our product demo. We
fired. We didn\'t hire this marketing person and we did it ourselves. We
auditioned we had a great we had a funny audition because we had two
computers we brought in. You didn\'t really have laptops and we had one
was a backup in case of thing didn\'t work. And I\'m sitting there with
my with the two founders and the women were auditioning for. And all of
a sudden the founder just froze the keyboard pinned me air and I\'m like
I wonder what that was about. They keep talking away about all the ways
you could use this and then it starts working. He gets his keyboard up
and it\'s working and what he did was it crashed and he won no excuse to
switch computers. So he pretended like he had dropped his keyboard.
Laughter. We we we got on stage and we we actually got it was really
wonderful experience. We got a standing ovation because we did the
Windows Blue Screen of Death but we hadn\'t really crashed the computer
we had just crashed the virtual machine and we switched into a new
window and that got a standing ovation. So laughter. So we did a demo.
We did Slashdot which was where all the Linux developers exchanged
information we got Slashdot ad and then we decide not to spend any money
on marketing but to but to get PR public relations to get press because
we thought it was interesting enough and it worked. We got a lot of
great coverage including in the Wall Street Journal. Actually what
happened was when we launched our beda. We were very frugal and we
didn\'t have enough bandwidth. We launched it on a Sunday we had
announced we would launch it on Monday. And so many people came to our
site in the middle of the night to download our product that hours we
ran out of bandwidth and our ISP would give a name or bandwidth thought
of Madoc. So a kid at Cornell a sophomore at Cornell took our side and
hosted it at Cornell and posted a sign don\'t sue me be anywhere I\'m
keeping track of everybody that comes to your site but your site is
down. And he said he hosted us until we could get back up and running
again. And he came in and turned with us after that and laughter. So
that was great.

\[00:16:24\] So anyhow we Yeah.

\[00:16:28\] So we got all that and we we also filed patents held to say
a bit about patterns.

\[00:16:33\] We started working on patterns from day one. When you sit
in between Microsoft and Intel you sort of want to try and protect
yourself with IP I have to say a little startup. It\'s pretty hopeless
to protect yourself against a monopoly because you know they can afford
giant legal bills and you can\'t. But but we did get our patents filed.
I can\'t say even though they were pretty rock solid patents. They never
really helped us that much. But anyhow Microsoft actually bought someone
that a copy does and we weren\'t going to ever sue them because we knew
we were gonna beat them. But then we when we found out Microsoft was
trying to buy them we decided to sue them because certainly Microsoft
wouldn\'t buy a company that was violating our rock solid patent. But we
were wrong anyhow. But it still took and actually ended up slowing
Microsoft down because that company\'s code wasn\'t very good and
Microsoft tried to use it. But anyhow board when I went out to look for
a board a board of directors. You know since we had sort of self funded
and we had had the angels we just sort of had our own internal board and
then we finally said well we should get some external people. And again
you know we did have a lot of trepidation about wedging ourselves in
between Intel and Microsoft. And so I kind of went out and looked for
surd of who I thought was the best able to help us figure out how to
stand up to those guys and that Larry Sutton Senior was the managing
partner of Wilson Sonsini and pretty powerful attorney business minded
attorney. So I decided he needed to be our board member I\'d never man
him. And this is sort of a philosophy I have if you have a good reason
for someone to help you. That goes beyond the fact that there are you
know rich and powerful.

\[00:18:37\] You can generally convince them because what I did you know
he had never met me. I told a lawyer Wilson Sonsini that we would move
to their law firm if I could have a meeting with Larry Sonsini. So I got
my meeting. I sent him a bunch of materials over before I arrived about
what we were doing and went into his office you know and I wasn\'t sure
I wanted him on my board but he smiled at me and asked how we could
help. And I thought yes I want them on my board. And he said how can I
help you. I said I really like you to join my board he said. Oh he
laughed and said he was busy getting off boards and I said Well let\'s
talk about the company until we started talking and we started talking
about we had had at that point quite a history with Intel around working
with shall we say they were interested in our IP and we were not about
to give it to them and there were some a lot of discussions going on.

\[00:19:39\] And so I was talking to him about this and I was talking to
him about some things that were already going on with Microsoft and he
was really interested. And and then it was late Friday afternoon and I
left. He said he\'d let me know and I came in Monday morning at 7:00a.m.
and they\'re on my voicemail from 6:00 in the morning with this
voicemail from Larry Sonsini saying he would join our board he was just
an invaluable board member because he had seen every deal in the world
and you know knew how to negotiate these things. And then from there I
added some other board members but I think a board can be really really
helpful to you if you get the right people. Let\'s see. So we basically
we launched our pride day when we started selling. We just sold it over
the Internet. We supported it via e-mail and so on. We\'re very frugal
and we were cash neutral and we were international. We were all over the
world from day one and it was pretty exciting.

\[00:20:44\] Back in 1999 Yelle.

\[00:20:49\] So now I\'m gonna just talk a little bit about the
enterprise market because it\'s sort of daunting to go into the
enterprise market and in fact I remember one of our top engineers left.
He said You\'re not going to be able to get into the enterprise market.
This company is going to fail. And I remember talking to one of the
better known tech bankers and he made fun of us. He said you can\'t make
it in the enterprise. You can do these things but you really got to
build up your credibility and you really got a you know played the wind
shifts to get there. We decided we should go to market we couldn\'t
possibly build out an enterprise sales force and we should go to market
with the hardware vendors and we found a way that we could help the
hardware vendors make money. So basically IBM at the time and now IBM
had invention invented virtualization back in the 60s. It had completely
died out because people thought it was something for big mainframes but
they got what we were doing and IBM had some huge x 86 serversP.C.
servers that they were having trouble selling because nobody had a
workload that was big enough to need such a big server.

\[00:22:10\] But these big servers were very high margin so they we were
talking to them we were talking to HP we\'re trying to convince anybody
that would listen to us and people just to give you make a point about
how little people listen to us. We were trying to talk to all the
analysts like Gartner and forester and everything. And one day we had
one marketing guy runs into my office he goes we finally got a meeting
with Forester. It at 9:00 o\'clock tomorrow morning in Boston. And I you
know we were in Palo Alto and I\'m like Okay so we get on the red eye
and we go out to Boston and we come into a forest we\'re so excited to
have the audience of of an analyst and the person they sent in was
covering the auto industry. It was just like nearly jumped at him but he
didn\'t have proceeded to tell a virtualization was but anyhow so so so
so finally we were trying to get these hybrid banners to work for us.
And what happened was an IBM fellow comes knocking at our door. We
hadn\'t launched our server product yet and he says I\'ve been looking
at your desktop product. I think it would be great. On one of our
servers as a way to help sell them a very technical guy we\'d only been
talking to the marketing people. So we said oh come into our labs and we
showed it you know we had been building it from day one and it was
working. And so we got our partnership with IBM going and then we did
this created this sort of artificial VMware preferred hardware vendor
program and set a deadline and they put a bunch of requirements on it
and all the other hardware vendors signed up by that deadline. I\'m not
sure they knew why they were signing up but having a deadline helps in
almost everything. And and so we so we were able to start selling with
with the hardware vendors and it\'s interesting sort of story how we got
going with IBM. It\'s sort of you know startups are one lucky break
after another and the name of the game is to put yourself in position to
take advantage of all these lucky breaks. And so what happened was IBM
was going to resell our product but we used Linux as a way to get going
you know to kind of boot and then Linux got out of the way and then the
virtual R software took over. You didn\'t use it anymore. And IBM
lawyers discovered that we had GPL Linux software in our distribution
and they killed the whole deal because they were afraid it would pollute
everything and all of IBM software would suddenly have to be open
sourced and they didn\'t want to risk that. And so we were like Oh now
how are we ever gonna get anyone to help us sell our product and them.
And then we had this idea and we said well what about if your resellers
sold us. Would that create this legal problem and they said no our
resellers can sell you without it causing any problems. So we took that
to them. And what ended up happening is they were about to have their
worldwide conference of all their top tier resellers in the world by the
way apologies for all of you that are in consumer and don\'t care a bit
about your enterprise. But it\'s sort of an interesting story. All these
resellers it\'s just all over the world these are the best trained
people that selling this kind of product. And they invited us to the
conference. They let us keynote. They let us run training sessions. And
after that our server market took off.

\[00:25:57\] So it was kind of a lucky break to be able to do that.

\[00:26:08\] The thing I wanted to close on and I even I couldn\'t
believe it I experienced it here today I was walking around having a
pizza pizza before I came inside and somebody grabbed me and said Are
you the founder of GM or thank you for your product. I love your
product.

\[00:26:24\] And I mean that hasn\'t happened in a few years. So thank
you. But laughter.

\[00:26:30\] But anyhow that\'s really what it\'s about is bringing
something to market that people absolutely love and you know makes their
lives better.

\[00:26:40\] And I just thought you know this was my favorite e-mail we
ever received. Congratulations for that. Maybe mazing product. I can\'t
believe what I see. I think it\'s the best discovery after landing on
the moon. The only thing I can\'t believe is why is it Beda other
software. We knew they meant Microsoft isn\'t that stable in an end
version and somebody else said from Germany I can\'t believe it. Your
brains must be bigger than Volkswagens. Laughter. And then this
incredible article that the Wall Street Journal did about bringing
freedom of choice to the desktop.

\[00:27:15\] It\'s things like that. It was just such a wonderful fun
experience to do you know to do to bring something so useful to people
to market.

\[00:27:27\] Well I thought there would be questions but I guess it\'s
hard with this many people I\'d love getting questions. And I was just
going to say good luck to all of you. That might be doing a startup I\'m
doing another one too and each one is different and challenging and you
know a lot of people kind of pay attention they think oh what are you
doing and I\'m like I\'m just another slob trying to do a startup. You
know we\'ll see. But good luck to you and thank you very much.
