**Mark Zuckerberg at Startup School 2013-MGsalg2f9js.mp4**

\[00:00:00\] You know I came out here earlier and they didn\'t clap as
loud. So it\'s pretty obvious why they were clapping allowed this. That
was for you.

\[00:00:10\] All right. I don\'t have any songs for you. Laughter. Just
a few minutes ago Jack was there playing a song. What\'s going on in
here. He can pull that off I can\'t. Maybe next year.

\[00:00:24\] So I wanted I know it it\'s probably hard to remember what
it was like way way back in the beginnings of Facebook. But that\'s
where these guys are in the beginnings. So I\'m going to ask you
questions about the early years right. Which also have the advantage
that you don\'t have to worry about saying bad things as a public
company because we\'re just talking about ancient history. Right. So I
wonder if you remember when you sat down to write Facebook during that
reading period. What was the first thing you wrote like when you when
you had enough code to test something to see if it worked. What was it.

\[00:01:01\] What did you test. I

\[00:01:05\] don\'t remember then what that was the first thing was that
I wrote but it actually the first code for Facebook started way before
then or so I\'d like probably a lot of you guys just built a lot of
stuff for myself all throughout my childhood I built games that I wanted
to play. I built a music player that I wanted I tried to build stuff
that that I really wanted for myself right now. I was young I was
building very high quality stuff. It was just stuff that that I wanted
not not for anyone else. And then when I got to college I started
wanting to build products that would let me get insight into the
community around me and let me connect with the people around me. And
that had the property that you can\'t actually just build something that
only you use if you want to be able to connect with people around you.
You have to start building software that other people are going to use
as well.

\[00:02:00\] So I actually mean like face mash.

\[00:02:03\] Well before that you know it\'s actually one of the it\'s
that stupid movie makes everyone think that facemask was like it was
this critical thing. But actually a lot earlier than that in my
sophomore year one of the first things that I built that was kind of
like this was actually called Match. I don\'t think we\'ve talked about
this that much and I know most startups.

\[00:02:23\] It was I was trying to figure out what classes I wanted to
take my sophomore fall and I wanted to see what other people who had
taken the c s classes that I\'d taken wanted to take and what my friends
were planning on taking and what they had taken in the past. But there
was no database like that that was out there so I thought Alright well
how can I do this. So I went and I wrote this little script that scraped
the course catalog and let people put in what classes they wanted and I
called it the course graph. And that was actually the first time. Yeah I
mean it was it was actually I made the mistake of running it running the
website from a laptop in my dorm room and my desk was right next to the
bathroom when there was like constantly steam pouring out of that from
people showering so the laptop actually fried and I lost that one after
a few weeks of running. But that was the first time that I\'d ever
really set up a production Apache server. My Sequel server or a lot of
that stuff and then a lot of those those things you know then when I
went on to build later stuff I had those lessons and I knew that I could
set those things up quickly. So those were just building blocks on top
of which to build future things had people put their classes in it.

\[00:03:31\] Did you use it.

\[00:03:32\] Oh yeah yeah. No it was like 1000 or 2000 people out of was
like 6000 people at Harvard. Yeah. Yeah. So it worked fine. It was
actually really interesting.

\[00:03:44\] People spend so much time just clicking through the links
of people to see what classes they were in and then in the classes they
clicked on people who were the roster of the people. It was just it was
I thought it was going to be interesting and I wanted to solve this
problem. But it was actually just way more compelling and you know part
of my theory at the time was you know I looked at all the other types of
content that were out there on the Internet. It\'s like you could search
for any Musiker news or content or reference material that you wanted.
But part of my theory at the time was that people were really missing
from the Internet. Right. And there were no services like that. And you
know that\'s why I built some of these services that went in that
direction but I still think people are largely missing from a lot of the
software that we build which is why I\'m focused on building this
development platform today as part of Facebook. That way the next
generation of software that the industry builds can just be more human.

\[00:04:33\] So every app that people build has this sort of additional
dimension now where you can sort of see what other people are doing too.
We\'re trying to go in that direction. So you knew by the time you
started Facebook that if you made some website you could get thousands
of people to show up to it.

\[00:04:48\] Well it was I didn\'t have a choice. I knew that if I
wanted to do this that I had to build something that I could that would
get people to use it. I don\'t know if I could actually do that.

\[00:04:57\] But it must have been a little bit surprising that
thousands of people that are with resources on writers would show up for
something that wasn\'t even intended to thousands and you probably do it
again right.

\[00:05:08\] Well yeah. And then I did a few more and I was really
focused on this idea of channeling a community\'s energy to build some
kind of shared asset whether it\'s you know the course graph or you know
ultimately Facebook was a good example of this. I mean one of my
favorite stories from from college that I actually I think I\'ve told
that Startup School before as I built the first version of Facebook
during reading period which is basically this two or three week period
that Harvard got off they still give this but they don\'t think they\'ve
stopped talking. Well you know both Microsoft and Facebook started
during reading. So Harvard likes to canceling things that work.

\[00:05:46\] Laughter. Laughter.

\[00:05:49\] But so basically it\'s the period during January before
your finals where you can ostensibly study for classes for your finals.
And I took that period to write the first version of Facebook. I don\'t
think I\'ve written any code for that project directly until really
January. And then by the end of January it\'s basically done with it.
But then one day I woke up a couple of days before this final for this
class that was taken called the Room of Agusta. So is this some lyght in
arts class. And the class was all about learning the historical
significance of a bunch of pieces of art that were there and for the
final they were just going to show some pieces of art from the class and
you had to write an essay on the significance of them and I hadn\'t
really gone to class all term I just like programmed. And then during
reading period when I should\'ve been learning this I programmed and
I\'m so pretty screwed right. There\'s no way that I was going to cover
all this material. So I just went to the course Web site downloaded all
the images and made a little Web site that basically would randomly show
one of the images and would let you contribute your notes of what you
thought was reasonable or what was important about that photo you see
anyone else\'s taken by going to class what\'s up. Yeah there\'s other
people learn through hard work.

\[00:07:04\] And I send this out to the course e-mail list is like Hey
guys I built a study tool. And within an hour the whole thing was just
populated with all the information that we needed to take the class to
take the final so I think I did pretty well in the final.

\[00:07:16\] I don\'t remember the exact grade but tell us about some
real world system you have had to your advantage. What\'s up. That\'s an
answer. That\'s a question on the wise application form we actually ask
for people having done a trick like that that would get our attention.
Incidentally if you ever wanted to see. Laughter.

\[00:07:38\] Laughter.

\[00:07:38\] Laughter Well it\'s funny you know the first couple times I
met Mark after all this time evaluating startup founders. I can\'t turn
it off so I\'m like the first couple times I met Mark. There would be
this like prothese side process running in my head saying except him
accepting him and I would have to say stop it it\'s too late.

\[00:07:57\] Laughter. Well now we get to work together on other things.

\[00:08:01\] Laughter. All right. No I love it. I love it.

\[00:08:05\] So one of the things we talked about last year was how when
you first launched Facebook the first other colleges you expanded to
were ones that had competing services. So I didn\'t ask you at the time
but I wonder now why did you win.

\[00:08:20\] What was it that Facebook had that the competing services
didn\'t I think it is just this focus on real identity and the
connections between people.

\[00:08:32\] It goes back to this theme where before Facebook on the
Internet there were you could find a lot of information about a lot of
different types of content.

\[00:08:40\] But the thing that we as people care the most about which
is other people write it around us and our brains are just wired that
way. It wasn\'t there. And if you think about it. The reason is that you
know that that information about people isn\'t just out there on the
Internet to be indexed via some search engine. Right. You can just send
a web crawler around and learn what\'s going on with people. You have to
build tools that give people the power to share that content themselves.
And that stuff didn\'t exist. And if you go back you know most of the
way that people interact online was anonymous. Right. And the idea at
the time was that it was pretty scary to put your name in real identity
online without the right privacy controls and without kind of the right
community infrastructure. So that\'s a lot of what we built was a
framework where people would be comfortable sharing it that way and
where people able to share less on these competing services.

\[00:09:32\] There were three universities you mentioned. Yeah I mean
Stanford entered jail in Columbia. Yeah. That each had different things.

\[00:09:38\] I think some of them were just they gave people less ways
to express content about themselves. None of them I think had a concept
of connections. Right. So one of the things that if you think about you
know friend people yeah and if you think about friending today one of
the reasons why it\'s important is because you get the person\'s content
in your news feed right. And there was no news feed back then. Right. So
a lot of the reason that that friending was it was good it was just
because you could put someone on your profile and say that you were
connected to them. So just like people were more fascinated than
intuitively it seemed like they should have been about looking and
clicking through the classes that people were taking. A lot of people
also just wanted to see who other people knew. There was nothing like
that that existed.

\[00:10:18\] So you had friending from the beginning.

\[00:10:20\] Oh yeah.

\[00:10:21\] That was a really critical piece so the missing connections
they had the nodes of the social graph but not the arcs.

\[00:10:30\] Well there is that. And I think there\'s less emphasis on
real identity in the community. So some of these communities you know
just like you made it so that people could sign up with a pseudonym
which is is fine.

\[00:10:40\] I mean I think that there are lots of services that are
good with pseudonyms but if you\'re talking about real a real community
that then you want to have its drawbacks.

\[00:10:50\] Have you ever seen the comments on Hacker News. Laughter. I
think if people were talking under their own names they might be a bit
more civilized.

\[00:10:58\] And sometimes it\'s actually it goes both ways though right
I mean a lot of the advantage of that is that people can be very
critical. Right. If you\'re always talking into your real name it
there\'s often a social penalty for being critical so it is more
civilized I think. But that may not always be the most productive thing.
So you want a balance of these things.

\[00:11:23\] At the moment I envy you so we can talk after this about
getting inverted. I know what you\'re saying.

\[00:11:33\] Applause Applause The Devil You Know or the devil you
don\'t.

\[00:11:39\] OK.

\[00:11:39\] The key is don\'t only use Facebook Connect. Right. Some
people make that can use Facebook and Twitter. Well you know Facebook
and e-mail or whatever or whatever else thereafter Twitter is fine too.

\[00:11:51\] Laughter.

\[00:11:53\] But you only use to you. All right now this is a
hypothetical question.

\[00:11:57\] So if you hadn\'t started Facebook Like for example if if
Harvard had already canceled reading period and you were actually kicked
me out.

\[00:12:05\] Right or they kicked you out of Facebook smash you know you
ask this question before but what I\'ve started Facebook without smash
about the only thing that I got from face smash was I met my wife
because of it because my Harvard said that they were gonna kick me out
and my friends really thought that they were gonna kick me out. They
planned this going away party for me and I actually met my wife at that
party.

\[00:12:27\] So I didn\'t even wait for the ad board to decide before
they had the going away party.

\[00:12:31\] They were so sure yeah my friends were just like completely
positive that I was going to get kicked out of school. Laughter Actually
you know not only that but my family was pretty confident that I was
going to either get kicked out or drop out of school to before I started
college. My little sister bet me that she would finish college before me
and my mom later told me that she always knew I was going to leave
college. It was like Thanks Mom laughter.

\[00:12:54\] So here\'s my hypothetical question If you hadn\'t started
Facebook there would probably be something like Facebook now. Yeah.
Would it have. Would it have to have been something that started out as
a network for college students. Was that thermal so powerful that the
winner would have had to be one of these college things where could
MySpace have sort of more often grown and become it.

\[00:13:20\] I don\'t yeah I don\'t think it had to be a college thing.
You know one of my earliest memories from Facebook was I used to get
pizza almost every night with one of my friends.

\[00:13:33\] I did my computer science problem sets with and we used to
talk about technology and where we saw the world going and I remember
one of our conversations right after I had launched Facebook was about
how I was really excited to offer the service for our community but that
one day clearly someone was going to build this for the world. Right.
And it hadn\'t even crossed my mind that maybe we would be the ones to
do it because from my perspective it\'s like we\'re just college
students What do we know about building software that hundreds of
millions of people use. You know clearly this is going to be something
that Microsoft or Google or Yahoo or someone like that who builds these
services that tons of people use is going to do it. And when you
realized you were going to do it like how many how many schools did you
have before you realized this was wobbly it probably later on when we
went outside of college.

\[00:14:23\] But even to the point where you had hundreds of colleges
you still thought some big company was going to come along and do this
better.

\[00:14:29\] Well not necessarily the college part but I didn\'t know
that we were going to be the people building the community to kind of
connect everyone.

\[00:14:36\] Right.

\[00:14:37\] So in retrospect though it was pretty obvious.

\[00:14:41\] No no not at all.

\[00:14:43\] You know I actually spent a bunch of time analyzing and
reflecting on why it was that we were even able to do it because all
like all reasons suggests that we shouldn\'t have been able to do it
right because all these other companies had way more engineering power
and and servers and time and money and all this stuff. And I actually
think that this is pretty instructive thing for anything that you want
to go do because this is the same properties going be true for any thing
that you guys start. Is that someone else is going to have more
resources and be able to do it. The reason why I think we actually ended
up being the ones doing it is because we just cared way more about it
than everyone else. Right. So there were always projects at some of
these other companies that were these hobbies. But we always thought
that it was this really important thing and really just like felt in our
gut in our heart that we wanted to do it. And you know early on there
were all these these skeptics saying that this can\'t be a business. We
don\'t actually care that much about it being a business early on. But a
lot of the reason why bigger companies didn\'t invest in it was because
it wasn\'t clear that there was a model that would work for it.

\[00:15:44\] It seemed like a bad idea.

\[00:15:46\] And I actually think that that\'s true for a lot of the
best ideas or it is that it\'s not that someone else can\'t do it. They
actually can. And the odds are stacked against you. But I think often
that belief in the fact that you just care so much about what you\'re
doing is the only thing that kind of drives you to do it. And you know
to be honest that kind of drives me to this day. I mean one of the big
emphasis points for the company right now is Internet dot org. You know
for a while we had this rallying cry of can we connect a billion people.
And you know when we start talking about that we thought it was crazy
and it was way bigger than any service in the world that had been built
and you know as you know 10 digits longer. It\'s just it felt crazy
we\'d never get to that. But then the thing is as we started to actually
get closer to that we took a step back and I like art Well our mission
is actually to get one in seven people in the world to be connected
it\'s we want to connect everyone. So it\'s it\'s a big issue that only
around a third of the people in the world had access to the Internet.
And that\'s something that we think that we can do something about and
similar to early Facebook. We don\'t. There\'s no business model around
this. I mean all the people who have all the money in the world I mean
it\'s not necessarily a fair thing. Are already the people who were on
Facebook credits in the first you know seventh of the world but we just
believe really strongly it\'s like this is what we were here to do. This
is what our company cares about. I care about it the team cares about it
our culture cares about it. So we\'re just going to keep pushing on it.
And I actually think a lot of the reason why great stuff gets built is
because it\'s kind of irrational at the time but so it kind of selects
the people who care the most about it doing it.

\[00:17:15\] Do

\[00:17:15\] you think there is anything about you like a personal
quality of yours besides sort of basic smartness and determination that
made you well suited to work on this project.

\[00:17:27\] I

\[00:17:27\] realize this requires some introspection. Yeah I actually
think determination is probably the biggest piece.

\[00:17:34\] You know it\'s um so many things go wrong when you\'re
starting a company and often I think people ask you what mistakes should
you avoid making. And you know my answer to that question is don\'t even
bother trying to avoid mistakes because you\'re going to make tons of
mistakes. Right. And the the important thing is actually learning
quickly from whatever mistakes you make and not giving up. Right. I mean
there are things every single year of Facebook existence that could have
killed us or made it so that it just seemed like moving forward and
making a lot of progress just seemed intractable. But you just kind of
bounce back and you learn. And nothing is impossible you just have to
kind of keep running through the walls.

\[00:18:12\] So the biggest mistake is a mistake letting a mistake
moralise you. Do you think Facebook.

\[00:18:22\] Knows better.

\[00:18:25\] Do you think Facebook had a rougher time. Do you think it
ran into more obstacles early on than typical startups because now
you\'ve known a you know a lot of other people who\'ve started startups
and you\'ve heard all of ghastly stories about what goes on behind the
scenes. Do you think it was more of a shit show or less about normal
probably more.

\[00:18:46\] Yeah. I mean why.

\[00:18:49\] Well part of the reason was because I knew nothing when I
got started. When you have to Homer. I was 19 years old when I started
Facebook right. So I mean probably look the same age or younger than
than most of you guys I think you would be young for this actually. And
I knew nothing nothing about business at all.

\[00:19:04\] I did not even think that I was starting a company actually
remember when I first came out here for the summer with Dustin because
we wanted to learn from Silicon Valley companies. I remember driving up
the one to one and seeing all these great companies and thinking to
myself wow views are such amazing companies. Maybe one day I\'ll start a
company and I\'ve already started Facebook and it hadn\'t occurred to me
that that was actually.

\[00:19:28\] So how do you learn. How did you learn from other people
around me.

\[00:19:32\] But there\'s so many mistakes that just come from not. I
mean like I really knew so little at the time. I mean like when Peter
TEEAL came in to invest one thing that he demanded was that all of the
founders beyond vesting schedules and I didn\'t even know what a vesting
schedule was.

\[00:19:50\] I never heard of that. Right. So I mean part of the the
early conflict that I had with Tom with Eduardo who is one of our
founders who then left was he was at Harvard with us. We kind of decided
OK if we started a company would divide the equity up this way. We
hadn\'t heard of vesting schedules and then he just bounced he never
moved out to California with us. So so Peter was like all you guys have
to be investing schedules were like Oh shit now what do we do. Right.
So. But it\'s fine. I mean it\'s like that mistake probably cost me
billions of dollars.

\[00:20:18\] But it\'s funny you just. You move forward. And you can\'t.
It doesn\'t matter. I mean you just kind of keep pushing forward and
that\'s how it goes.

\[00:20:30\] Yeah. How how did you learn. You start out.

\[00:20:42\] Laughter. It\'s good. You can do it Robert. Laughter.
Laughter.

\[00:20:49\] So you start out as a 19 year old right. And you have this
Web site just like going through the roof. Ron was talking earlier about
her very early on the graphs she\'s were going up very steeply and you
had to learn how to create this organization. You know you had to learn
how to be a manager. That\'s the next phase after you raise money and
you have something that\'s growing. How did you learn how to how to
manage people.

\[00:21:14\] Well through a lot of mistakes I don\'t think anyone is
like naturally good at hiring out of the box right.

\[00:21:21\] So you have to learn in each role. We probably went through
multiple iterations before landing on a balance of a person that made
sense and the problem is made even harder by the fact that you don\'t
need the same thing at each stage. So it\'s a moving target as well.

\[00:21:36\] But it\'s not just hiring though you have to somehow lead a
group of people and get them all to work together. That\'s very hard.
Yeah. And you do now where you don\'t program much probably right. You
spend always for advantaging. Yeah well it\'s or fun.

\[00:21:49\] Now you\'re a manager an expert. No absolutely not. You
have to be great hits. Yeah try telling that to my team. But how did you
learn it. Was there anyone who taught you or any book you just have to
throw yourself in. So you just try linguistics.

\[00:22:06\] So I have you know I\'ve developed a few heuristics over
time that I think are simple enough that the organization can
internalize. So in terms of hiring everyone says hire good people right.
No one wants to hire like a reasonable person. Laughter.

\[00:22:23\] You want to hire like a really good person but then the
question is how do you like what\'s the right heuristic for determining
if someone is really good. So over time what I figured out was that the
only actual way to let someone to analyze whether someone was really
good was if they would work for that person. So I don\'t think that
needs to occur to many levels down in the organization but I basically
think that that\'s like that\'s a really good heuristic right. And I
believe that. I mean for if you look at my management team today I mean
if we were in an alternate universe and I hadn\'t started the company it
would be an honor to work for any of these people. And I think if you if
you build a company that has kind of those values rather interesting. Oh
I want to hire the best person I can find or whatever. If you hold
yourself to that standard than you\'ll then I think you\'ll build a
pretty strong company.

\[00:23:08\] There are other things around management that you just kind
of have to throw yourself into in different ways as well. I used to be
really terrified of public speaking I\'m to the point where when I did
all hands which at the time were like 10 or 15 people I had to sit down
because I was so afraid.

\[00:23:23\] And at the time a lot of people. Which is ironic because
I\'m still sitting but I\'m not because I\'m afraid just because it\'s
more comfortable and laughter.

\[00:23:33\] So what I did was I basically I threw myself into some of
the stuff and you know a bunch of schools invited me to come speak and
what I did was I accepted some of those invitations even though I had no
real goal of doing that except for desensitising myself.

\[00:23:48\] And I went up to give a speech without having prepared
anything. And if you do that a few times you stop being afraid really
quickly and because I mean what\'s the worst thing that can happen. You
know I think a survey says that more Americans are afraid of public
speaking than death. And it\'s so you know just throw yourself and you
get over this stuff.

\[00:24:10\] I remember the first talk you gave or gave it gave at
Startup School. And I think it was one of these the way you describe
that you went with no preparation. Laughter.

\[00:24:17\] Laughter. Know actually I can tell you you know what. But
thank you. What\'s the worst thing that can happen you can say something
off the cuff that gets taken by the press like a football and thrown her
hand and gets you.

\[00:24:29\] That\'s fine. Actually I actually did prepare for that and
I don\'t have that excuse. But the fact that laughter was really did all
that this practice did was desensitize me it did actually make me good
at public speaking as this is this is proof of like managing people you
know if you work with people that you like then it\'s wonderful.

\[00:24:49\] Right.

\[00:24:49\] Because one definition that I have for a good team is a
group of people that makes better decisions as a whole than would
individually make as a sum of the parts. And when you\'re I think most
smart people like learning. Right. And I mean that\'s like one of the
thrills of starting a company right is you\'re just the learning curve
can be so steep and if you can set up a team dynamic where you\'re
constantly learning from the people around you then I mean what\'s
better or is it these are the people I wake up every morning and I want
to I want to go learn from and work from.

\[00:25:19\] Is that one of your heuristics for hiring people to hire
people that you learn from.

\[00:25:24\] Yeah. And when building a team you want it to you want to
think about the dynamics that way you can maintain this property that
the team makes better decisions as a group than any individual would.

\[00:25:36\] How when you first started back in that house in Palo Alto
you were a startup founder right. So how I didn\'t know yet. Well what
was your mental model of a startup founder. How did it come from. Did
was it Bill Gates you know where Steve Jobs did it come from reading
books. Peter Teil or Sean Sean Parker. I mean where did it come from.

\[00:25:58\] The thing that was kind of interesting was there\'s this
culture in Silicon Valley that kind of makes startups seem glamorous and
I never really believed that.

\[00:26:10\] I never had a goal of starting a startup and my goal when I
realized that I had a company was to get it to be a good company as
quickly as possible where I can kind of get out of what you\'d call the
risky startup phase where you are just like constantly about to die and
where you could get to a point where you can actually do some
interesting things and make make a lot more interesting bets.

\[00:26:33\] So I don\'t know. I never read a lot of the literature on
this. I mean maybe if I had been I would have made so many mistakes but
I don\'t know if like if learning for me is the right way to go on this.
But I mean but it did.

\[00:26:43\] I think your model must come from somewhere even if it was
even if it was unintentional. Right. Like were you influenced by Peter
Teil or shawn.

\[00:26:52\] Well yes I and even with all these people once I met them I
actually I hadn\'t really heard of Peter Cheel before. I\'m talking
about. Yeah right. But he was massively influential on my thinking
right. I mean like a lot of the the early lessons that I took on how to
think about strategy came from Peter and Shawn and I did a lot of
attention when I was growing up to Microsoft. I thought I mean I grew up
using Windows three point one and then Windows 95 and I just thought
that those were like the most unbelievable things.

\[00:27:22\] And sense they are they really were awesome right. Well I
don\'t know if you meant that positive positively but I did and I
thought you know building this ecosystem was really neat and that kind
of inspired me right in the way that they built a platform.

\[00:27:36\] I kind of thought okay well maybe one day you know the
tools that I\'m building can be part of a broader ecosystem as well and
I think that that has kind of gotten lost from the valley. By the time
that I got around to sending up Facebook as a company and Google an
apple to that point hadn\'t really created platforms. They then went on
to create much better platforms than anything that was created on
desktop with their mobile operating systems. But that was pretty
influential.

\[00:28:01\] So was that idea of one day making Facebook into a platform
sort of implicit all along. Was it always something you were mulling
over. Or was it something that occurred to you after you had all these
people talking to one another.

\[00:28:15\] Well turning Facebook into a platform was after that. But
the idea that there should be some social platform was pretty early on.
Right so between you know course march in the room of Agustus thing and
faced Masch and like all these things when I was at Harvard it kind of
became clear to me that a lot of the software that we use should have
people at the center of it right and people want to learn about people.
That\'s like a really core thing in our psychology. So I thought that
you know whether there was a central central social network kind of at
the core of that or just like some kind of social libraries or API or
something that there needed to be something that made it so there was
like a common framework that everyone can use to develop.

\[00:28:58\] You mentioned earlier that Peter Teil and Sean Parker both
influenced your ideas about strategy. Can you remember a particular
strategic insight that you had early on. It\'s probably you know the
statute of limitations for competition is probably passed now now
there\'s probably stuff you can say about some insight that you had
early on and you thought to yourself ha ha ha. Nobody else knows this
except us but we have this we have this great this great trick. Do you
remember any of them.

\[00:29:25\] Well Peter TEEAL was really focused on network effects and
he had this model that I think is right for making decisions that as the
complexity of the company grows everyday you\'re going to be faced with
a hundred things that you could potentially go do and your job is to
pick the one thing that actually matters because out of those 100 things
it\'s really only actually going to be one or two things that actually
matter. And that was pretty informative to me at the time because I
hadn\'t intuitively I had a lot of some of self direction intuitively.

\[00:29:59\] But as soon as I started getting all these people around me
who all had reasonable perspectives on things was very hard for me to
balance that. And Peter was always very useful for that we were focused.

\[00:30:10\] He was good at saying here\'s the one thing that matters
because on the one thing that matters. Well partially that and partially
just the metal lesson of figure out the one thing that matters and do
that. But you also know what the one thing that mattered. I wouldn\'t
have gone as quickly as possible because I\'m in network effects were
massively important part of this. One of the stories we\'re going to see
is connecting everyone as quickly as possible you don\'t mean
specifically getting more sign ups you mean getting people to a friend
one another faster. Yeah. Well how do you do that.

\[00:30:36\] Well we\'ve built a lot of tools to enable people to do
what they all are over they want it to where you can\'t push uphill on
the stuff credits. If we were solving a problem that people had and we
just needed to remove as much friction as possible. But there was a
pretty early funny sequence where there was actually this company in
2005 that got started that was called College Facebook.

\[00:31:00\] It was like an exact clone of us. And it even had the same
name. Right. And their strategy because we started at Harvard and then
tried to branch out to schools that we thought would have dense social
connections with Harvard so we can build this network. Their goal was
they wanted to start in places that we weren\'t right so they started on
the West Coast and in the south when we started in the northeast and
they tried to build up this network of different schools and it was just
this race for a while and eventually the boulder Seattle. Yeah. And then
we just took this stuff really seriously and I remember Dustin just took
it so personally. It\'s like any time they\'d launch at some school that
we were at. We had this concept that we actually still have at the
company today called lockdown which is whenever any other company gets
ahead of us on something that we think is strategic to us back then
lockdown meant we literally did not leave the house until we had
addressed the problem. Now it\'s a little loose Thurbon interpretation
inside the company we don\'t literally lock everyone inside the office
but about as close to that as we can legally get. So laughter and you
know now the funny thing is inside Facebook you know because we\'ve a
lot of different initiatives teams kind of do this themselves right and
just decide it\'s OK. All right. There\'s like some competitor that has
something that we feel like we really need like we\'re going into
lockdown to get this thing because we\'re not going to let college
Facebook get ahead of us.

\[00:32:26\] So in retrospect could you have completely ignored college
Facebook and it wouldn\'t have made any difference.

\[00:32:32\] I don\'t know. Laughter is a good question.

\[00:32:38\] Don\'t you think like you have just eventually spread to
the schools and killed them.

\[00:32:42\] I mean in theory I think they didn\'t do a perfect job
copying us. You know one of the things that\'s interesting is that there
are some countries where folks have made such good clones of Facebook
that it has been very hard for us to grow in Russia as the biggest
example. Right. So we can talk. Yeah. These guys are just like the
International Olympiad computing computing Olympiad champions and it\'s
a small team and they get treated like an awesome job cloning Facebook
and there are fewer content laws so they also have illegal file
downloads and all this stuff and like we just have not been able to beat
them.

\[00:33:18\] And maybe it\'s because of the illegal file downloads and
it\'s one so you should add file down the wall and try not to break the
law. But it\'s the growing fine writing it\'s like a linear growth and
where we\'re I think slowly making a lot of progress and I\'m pretty
sure we\'ll pass them eventually but it\'s been literally like almost 10
years since we got started with Facebook and we still have not beaten
them in Russia. So it is possible that if the college Facebook folks had
done better and had gone faster than maybe maybe maybe.

\[00:33:48\] No no. But like they went the speed they did that wasn\'t
affected by your lockdowns. I\'m just wondering like maybe there\'s
lockdowns were unnecessary because we always advise people basically
just ignore competitors. Right.

\[00:33:59\] I do think that it\'s definitely possible to overvoted on
competitors but one one caveat that I would say I think people tend to
worry too much about strategic competitors who are doing something
that\'s related. But clone\'s I think actually end up being a pretty big
nuisance. Right.

\[00:34:15\] So there are these whole companies now in Europe that like
all they do is just clone companies that have been founded in theU.S.
and other places and try to bring them to Europe and have network
effects and it\'s like a pain in the ass. Right. And I don\'t get it. So
I actually think you do want to internationalize and pay attention to
that stuff fairly early because those things are really annoying once
they get lodged in.

\[00:34:37\] OK. I think we have one minute left so I\'m going to ask
you one more question.

\[00:34:43\] It seems like the most successful founders are are sort of
obsessed like they\'re a little bit. They care a little bit too much
about certain things right. Like Steve Jobs cared a little bit too much
about how perfect the edges of some polygon were. Right. What is it that
you care too much about.

\[00:35:03\] Connecting everyone is serious.

\[00:35:07\] If you think about it it\'s like this aesthetic sense of
the world that I have is that you can communities of people can channel
their energy to do great things and having connections between people is
the infrastructure for the world to do that. And you know that\'s why at
each step along the way when there was always all this uncertainty about
whether it would be profitable or whether it would make sense or be good
or whatever to do these thing things we always were doing it because we
just cared more. I mean to this day and you could say that that was a
start up thing but it isn\'t because now we\'re here and we connect more
than a billion people. But I mean we\'re pouring tons of money and
resources into connecting people who can\'t even afford Internet access.
Right. So I mean that\'s like there\'s no way that that\'s going to be
profitable in the near term or medium term. But we\'re doing it because
we think it\'s the right thing to do and over the long term I do think
that there\'s something there and it\'s going to be fundamentally
important for the world and maybe we\'ll get rewarded maybe not but we
just really care.

\[00:36:03\] So it\'s a movement. And Facebook the company is sort of a
subset of it. Well.

\[00:36:11\] All right you guys I think we\'re done. Are we done. We
don\'t. All right thank you very much Mark Zuckerberg Claus.
