**Office Hours at Startup School 2013 with Paul Graham and Sam
Altman-syoqjYLDs48.mp4**

\[00:00:06\] We have to sit up straight we have a lower business. This
is not right. Admiral Rickover would not stand for this. OK. George.
Nick what are you working on.

\[00:00:19\] So we are building a multiplayer programming game for TGB
border code. So write code Kaddoumi but actually game a game.

\[00:00:25\] So how do you how do you win the game.

\[00:00:27\] So you just beat more and more levels until you\'re an
awesome developer.

\[00:00:30\] CS sort of get points somehow for it\'s like competitive
learning that you learn about your Greenwall get more points more
competitive.

\[00:00:37\] So there\'s multiplayer so like write code to kill a bad
guy. Yeah. So the first level you got your guy you go to moving around
and you kill another guy. Right and then you\'re killing dudes. All
right so you\'re motivated. Yeah. You know what is your name what\'s the
length of your name as a string. Okay that\'s Guben. Kill that. Oh yeah
we do right away. It\'s not just badges not gadgets. Is it launched yet.
It is. Actually we launched it yesterday.

\[00:01:05\] Well the beta things move faster. Check it out.

\[00:01:11\] Did you watch because we told you you were going to be at
office hours. Actually no we just a coincidence.

\[00:01:16\] It is somehow fortunate because we don\'t have time to
prepare. The launch went crazy.

\[00:01:20\] Yeah but I got home from that from the dinner last night.
And I get on hang out with these guys and they\'re just at the server
terminal control seeing and restarting the server because it\'s under so
much load doing now not much better and fortunately we can only serve a
certain fraction of the traffic that we\'re getting and that\'s been
going on for 24 hours. How did you start working on this. I wanted to
learn to code about a year or two ago. I had been assigned my technical
co-founder at my first startup and I tried to code kindom and tried a
whole bunch of these and I just couldn\'t stay with it. It wasn\'t
engaging for me. And so these guy two co-owners were like hey why don\'t
we actually make a game.

\[00:01:59\] So you were the original guinea pig. I was they thought you
can\'t keep motivated using existing stuff like a game where you can
kill people.

\[00:02:07\] You know I was it wasn\'t just that our first startup
customers kept coming to us and saying we keep using your your company
your product because it\'s like a game and we hadn\'t attended that at
all. And what was it. It\'s a company to teach people Chinese
characters. And so we thought well if we can do that inadvertently what
would happen if we actually made a game so how far can you learn how to
program by like how much can you teach people.

\[00:02:34\] Right. Because I can remember the kind of crappy
programming I did when I was in high school where I didn\'t really
understand what I was doing. So if you look at the stuff that\'s on
TopCoder hackery how can you force people to learn advanced concepts
when all they really need is to have the right library calls. Right. Can
you make advanced concepts pretty advanced weaponry.

\[00:02:57\] So the software engineering part of learning to be a
developer. That\'s something we can later focus on core programming for
now. Was you get motivated enough. Okay.

\[00:03:06\] Now I want to build this app but you have to get through
different levels right. Presumably you get more and more sophisticated
yet but you could get more and more sophisticated just by writing more
and more code and getting access to the right library functions without
actually learning any more about programming. Right. Couldn\'t you how
can you force them to learn more about programming in order to make more
powerful weapons so you can have things like Okay your code needs to run
this fast.

\[00:03:28\] And that\'s when you know you don\'t know how to use
recursion. This is the only method of hill you in this one you need to
figure out how to do an a function passing method here. And generally if
you make the levels hard enough you\'re able to do when they have a
reason to complete it. They try really hard and you can get them to do
harder and harder stuff is a natural progression of the game.

\[00:03:46\] Have you run beta users through this yet. Quite a few
actually. What did you learn from it. Like what went wrong.

\[00:03:51\] Well the first thing that went wrong was that we we started
to Heimbach because I had worked in kind of a somewhat technical role
and my first startup we assumed a whole bunch of prior knowledge that
was totally untrue for our Bayti users. So you know we started out like
you know writing for loops that you\'re like oh well that\'s that simple
and then we got people with no programming background and they didn\'t
even know how to complete a line like meaning no concept of formal
notation is the single biggest obstacle.

\[00:04:16\] Correct.

\[00:04:16\] What\'s the most advanced concept you\'re teaching now.

\[00:04:19\] So

\[00:04:19\] so far we haven\'t done well where it was like okay you\'re
going to need to figure out the targeting strategy if you are taller so
you\'re going to find the center of a group of dudes and you\'re you\'re
soldiers backed up with artillery half to avoid your shots and you have
to make sure they don\'t chase into your like line of shooting.

\[00:04:35\] What era of technology is this.

\[00:04:37\] What is a web game and you\'re doing everything in
JavaScript. No no no what.

\[00:04:41\] What era of fantasy. You\'re a wizard and you\'re casting
some control your soldiers and your and your heroes in that sort of
thing. I see many users that there\'s no Apache helicopters or anything
like that. No unfortunately we don\'t have the magic. All right we\'ve
seen do robots we could do when fancy you can make up anything. Right.
How many users did you guys get.

\[00:05:06\] So we maxed out the server at 15000 people we had 200
concurrent but we really don\'t know because we were actually people
were just getting for 4. Why not just open up a bunch more servers.

\[00:05:16\] We weren\'t architected that way. We didn\'t think we got
nearly as much traffic. We just posted it to read it. That\'s it.

\[00:05:20\] Yeah.

\[00:05:21\] We posted it read it and we got swamped parts not even the
main or it actually people on the Reddit threads were just like there
were repeated things they were saying you know like oh a hug of death
hug of death hug of death and you know for for not working so they were
scrambling all last night to do that.

\[00:05:36\] Do you know if it\'s people that didn\'t know how to
program before they\'re mostly doing this or if it\'s just people that
want to play a fun game.

\[00:05:41\] So the people that know how to program already they\'re
like okay when\'s it on get her. When can we. This is awesome. Let\'s
get on here. 20 people yesterday. Oh you mean like that. I want to help
out. Can we pull poll link we clone. Who are thinking. Open sourcing in
the next couple of months to really capitalize on that interest. But
most of the people yeah they\'re on the learn programming so I\'ve read
it. I don\'t know any programming. It\'s great. And they don\'t know I
wasn\'t really crappy anywhere levels or xenophobes know anything about
the gaming business.

\[00:06:08\] Like do you know how to make games.

\[00:06:10\] We\'re learning is this is the quick answer there. OK.
Because probably certain best practices in the gaming business and
probably whatever they do would be to be the starting point. Yeah. So if
you\'re wondering how much to open source I don\'t know how much they
open source things in their world but whatever they do is probably the
default thing to start with.

\[00:06:29\] Yeah we actually that was the first thing we did when we
started the company was we realized wow none of us are professional game
designers. Let\'s find and talk to game designers so we have we\'ve got
this kind of core group of people that are advising us mostly just
telling us when we\'ve built sucks but it\'s been very helpful thus far.

\[00:06:46\] Is there anything they told you that changed what you were
doing said make robots and said people understand robots swimming
robots. Because when you have like controlling your units view code
people think okay that\'s natural if you\'re robots. When you say oh
it\'s a spell your wizard you\'re adding to the fancy things. Oh it\'s a
little bit hard to understand the see.

\[00:07:05\] Okay so is it robots now. Oh so very to choose the art. Art
is an all right.

\[00:07:13\] I know you guys just going to create as much content as you
can what people are you know just finished the level editor.

\[00:07:17\] So now the hope is that we can finally churn out three
levels a week using awesome life coding drag and drop thing as it
cartooning all accordions you know.

\[00:07:26\] So growth first how many people do you have.

\[00:07:29\] Is it just you know we have one one guy that\'s manning the
server right and he\'s keeping it a lot hopefully giving it. Scott keep
it alive.

\[00:07:36\] Is it the same team from the first star and working
together for six years now.

\[00:07:41\] How did you originally meet. So I was his roommate and I
lived down the hall from my cofound college. O\'CONNOR Yeah allision me.
Did you guys study. Were you guys. Programmers yes. Scott and I didC.S.
and Georges theEcon. film.

\[00:07:57\] And then we graduated. Let\'s not get jobs is going to say
what are you talking about. And then then we did the startup and then
three months later it was crash and a lot of the reason people start
startups is because they don\'t want jobs.

\[00:08:10\] Yeah right. No Siri. One of the reasons we\'ve if we\'re
looking at some someone\'s application and they worked for a long time
for a large company that\'s that\'s actually bad to us because like the
best startup founders probably could not stand that months that IBM did
me in the sophomore year.

\[00:08:28\] Oh no.

\[00:08:29\] How are you guys going to make money with this. So it\'s
recruitment model basically they\'re the people that the leads that we
generate through the coding challenges provide us with the opportunity
to qualify people before we even get in touch with a potential company
and possibly train these people good enough to make them valuable
employees.

\[00:08:47\] The recruiters we talked to said yes absolutely companies
are interested in developers on your site and we\'re interested and so
let us know you have something recruiters famously said all sorts of
crazy stuff. Yeah they do.

\[00:08:57\] So that\'s yet to be validated.

\[00:09:00\] The other people in the space that we talked to also say
the same things people running coding challenges and doing placements in
boot boot camps and that sort of thing is actually one Y Combinator
company.

\[00:09:09\] He we asked him how he had done his recruiting. He said We
sent a group of qualified recruiters a spreadsheet.

\[00:09:15\] I said how that turned turnout. He said Oh we had 50
placements in six months. So I said okay.

\[00:09:24\] You\'re out of time. All right. Nice. Thank you.

\[00:09:27\] Applause.

\[00:09:36\] OK guys you guys guys. Wait wait come back for a second.
You didn\'t realize that. But that was your Y Combinator interview.
You\'re in the next batch your.

\[00:09:50\] Applause after I get along.

\[00:09:54\] We just sort of do that on the fly. I mean that was that
was the first time I talked to them. Hi I\'m Karen. Finbar. We are
making. Give it 100 dot com. What is it. Give it 100 you can look at me.

\[00:10:10\] We\'re making a video site where you sign up. You choose
something that you want to get better at and then you share a video of
your progress every day.

\[00:10:19\] So what would be a typical example like what\'s the most is
it launched now.

\[00:10:23\] It\'s in private beta right now.

\[00:10:25\] OK. So what do you anticipate being the typical use case
like what sort of thing would people get better at the most common one
right now is dancing.

\[00:10:32\] The reason that the reason for that is because I made a
video of myself learning to dance in a year. And I put it online ended
up. I mean you spent a year learning to dance. I did spend a year
learning today. What kind of dancing robot dancing.

\[00:10:47\] OK it\'s all robots today. Ron could you hear this. This is
the new trend robots.

\[00:10:57\] So I ended up getting several hundred e-mails from people
who said hey because I saw this video it wasn\'t a video of an
incredible dancer but it was someone who started off not knowing how to
do it and getting better.

\[00:11:08\] Susan see the video you put on YouTube and a lot of people
looked at it. Yeah. So was this what led to the startup. Yeah okay so
you made this video of yourself learning to dance and then you thought
if other people did something like this it would encourage them to dance
to.

\[00:11:22\] Yes.

\[00:11:24\] What what sorts of things are people mostly showing
themselves besides dance learning.

\[00:11:29\] They are. Users are there. We have a invite only better 50
people and we like our 4300 or so on the waiting list. Yeah they are.
There\'s a nine month old learning how to walk. There is a woman who is
recovering from a multiple sclerosis exacerbation. She\'s learning how
to walk.

\[00:11:47\] There is people who are learning how to ride a unicycle
learning a new language learning how to code learning design. Why don\'t
you accept the rest of the wait list.

\[00:11:58\] Well we\'re working out just like ironing out some kinks in
the product and getting it to the stage where we think it\'s going to be
really engaging is not engaging enough now well is we got to have some
really awesome engagements that well if it\'s engaging enough now you
are often out and out enough kinks.

\[00:12:13\] Sure we have I think really the major things that I\'d like
to see personally are the kind of social sharing features because when
we kind of open the floodgates and have lost most people come onto the
platform we want to kind of maximize on that.

\[00:12:23\] And you know if a lot of them come on and share and then
leave they could have more people come and that. So they\'re not sharing
it enough now. Well there is no way to share it right now because it\'s
totally are private close Batur like nobody can see it.

\[00:12:38\] We really just were kind of just experimenting on our first
batch of people getting their feedback and then we\'re going to launch
in the next couple weeks. Do they always make videos of their progress.
Yes. But that\'s how it works. We started off as a photo and video site
but then we cut out videos we cut out photos because the videos were
more interesting.

\[00:12:55\] So how do people make videos of themselves learning to
code. Look how much faster I can type.

\[00:13:01\] Actually there is someone who is learning how to touch type
but they sometimes talk to the camera.

\[00:13:08\] They talk about what\'s challenging what they\'re
struggling with.

\[00:13:11\] They\'ll show actual photos show what they actually build
how many views just an average video go out of like a potential 50.

\[00:13:19\] So you can\'t saucing about a thousand views a day. And we
have roughly between 20 and 30 of our kind of small group of users a
combat\'s website everyday 20 and 30 out of 50. Come back to the website
everyday. So you need a kind of unique visitors it\'s not like the same
20 30 everyday. It\'s like people will kind of like a few days and then
upload a batch of videos.

\[00:13:40\] So the videos are hosted on your site not YouTube right.

\[00:13:44\] But we want to use you. We want to piggyback off of YouTube
as a marketing channel the same way we did with my video. So we\'ll take
really compelling 100 day challenges and we will turn it into a viral
video.

\[00:13:55\] Put it up on YouTube and say made with 100 seems like that
would been really important to us during the beta. Will people share
this on YouTube. And do they get watched.

\[00:14:03\] Well I guess are our test for it is my video which has 3
million views and was shared widely. You don\'t put it on YouTube. Well
the video clips themselves are on our site. That\'s something that you
can go on everyday and see the same people every day see their clips. So
Sam was saying I should have tested putting it on YouTube specifically
other clips the 10 second clips themselves.

\[00:14:25\] I think like the kind of format that we have on the Web
site where you can have this gallery of 10 second clips and you can just
kind of see them all and consume them all kind of in context and
sequences like really power.

\[00:14:35\] So you have a view with a page with a whole bunch of little
dots on it.

\[00:14:39\] And you see from the beginning to end it compelling
Barbassa if you envision Mike Paul Graham I\'m pogrom am learning to leg
pick which startup\'s I\'m learning. I\'m learning to pick which
startups were Y Combinator for 100 days. That you see day one day to day
three and then as you hover over each video it just starts playing. So
you can see what you can watch out for a second or for 10 seconds be
capped at ten seconds because I have a short attention span and I\'m
building this from myself.

\[00:15:09\] What do you think will be the most popular things. I don\'t
mean the most popular things by a number of people who do them. I mean
what will be the most popular things for third parties to come and watch
parties like people who are not the people who are practicing.

\[00:15:25\] What do you what you\'ve said you built a series of what do
you want to watch like or do you get excited about watching other people
learn.

\[00:15:30\] I want to see a good story. I want to see someone who is
struggling and and against all odds like doesn\'t think they want to do.

\[00:15:36\] I want to see like Phil Libin at his 3:00a.m. hour saying
I\'m out of money and I just got an e-mail from this investor and I want
to see video of that rather than just hearing him talk about it.

\[00:15:48\] I think like today we don\'t think he would have used your
system. No seriously. Not for like starting a startup. Maybe someone in
this room will more for learning how to how to dance or something like
that. Right. But what do you think will be not. I mean what specific
type what genre of stuff will it be people learning how to dance. Do you
think that will be the most popular stuff. Will it be babies learning to
walk. I think there\'s some scene because the baby\'s learning to walk
part actually sounds pretty exciting like parents would love to view and
document their kids progress. I\'ll tell you the thing if you don\'t
have kids.

\[00:16:24\] One of the big problems about being a parent is the
memories of the current kid overwrite the memories of the more recent
the recent some so sad I can\'t really remember what my 4 year old son
was like when he was 3 I see 3 year olds and I think oh yeah I remember
he was like that but only vaguely because my God I got this 4 year old
like jumping up and down in the bed and then on the bed in my mind
right. Very few.

\[00:16:51\] Wait till you have kids.

\[00:16:54\] I mean I think there\'s going to be like a number of real
kind of killer categories which will be very interesting. The children
one is certainly very very compelling. Yeah. These kids like crawling
learn to kind of open a door and then like it\'s parents hold his hands
and he\'s kind of taking baby steps.

\[00:17:07\] And you do have videos that implicitly have these the
structure of like sequences. That\'s right. But they\'re not organized
that way. They\'re just like on your iPhone. Right. In chronological
order you know they\'re not like the series of the kid trying to say
some phrase or something like that. How

\[00:17:28\] good are the users that sticking with the whole hundred
days of making a video every day.

\[00:17:31\] So good question. So our values that we have there\'s an
average of 18 videos uploaded per user. So I guess we have some people
who are actually our earliest implementation of the product to us send
us videos via Dropbox everyday. So we have some people now who are
actually up to kind of in the 80s got beatboxing who we\'ve got him from
day one today. Like 85 I think and he\'s pretty awesome.

\[00:17:57\] What It\'s Like beatboxing beatboxing. Yeah yeah exactly
like that one guy. I like that. He like starts off and he\'s like not
very confident or very good.

\[00:18:07\] But you really see like over time the amazing improvement
in him and that\'s like watching a guy are people like encouraging each
other to stick with it is the point of this that the community will make
you be more likely to.

\[00:18:17\] Sure absolutely. So that\'s definitely part of it as well.
So we have these kind of commenting and kind of propping features if you
will say oh this was a really awesome day. I actually think like our
most commented on and most kind of liked video that we\'ve got some may
learn to unicycle and one day you upload a video where she had kind of a
bad fall and kind of fell over and over it it was like Oh that really
sore but you know keep it keep going your yoga and relaxing you can
people make their stuff semiprivate.

\[00:18:41\] There\'s a feature to make all your videos private because
a lot of people they don\'t want to share when they\'re going through
it.

\[00:18:46\] But maybe once they\'re good or they want a group of their
friends to be able to see it like their kid. Yeah that\'s an interesting
thing for us. And you know the kids thing the kid walking is very
different from someone teaching themselves how to unicycle don\'t be
don\'t like like over optimize too early. Like let it grow into whatever
it\'s going to grow into you. Maybe it will end up being kids or the big
thing or maybe not. Who knows. But be empirical about it and don\'t
don\'t like Wire in some mental health outcome too early.

\[00:19:15\] Is it time. Thank you. All right you guys.

\[00:19:19\] Applause applause applause sounds pretty good to you
you\'re right there.

\[00:19:31\] I am you don\'t know how this is for us. This is the
brother of someone we funded in the past and except for having a beard
who seems identical it\'s a very disconcerting.

\[00:19:42\] Hopefully that\'s a good thing. Yeah yeah.

\[00:19:49\] What are you working on it says oh that\'s your username.
What\'s the startup it\'s called flex port where the first licensedU.S.
Customs Burkett\'s built around a modern web application a customs
broker yeah whenever you import a product from another country you
don\'t it through customs. What is a customs brokerage do you collect
tons of documents and organize them and file it forms withU.S. Customs
to clear your goods to show that this is illegal product and you pay the
right taxes.

\[00:20:12\] Is it one of these things we\'re dealing with the
government is so awful that you need like a specialized group of people
whose whole job it\'s also fueled a voice in their head they have to be
like oh yeah heavily they say otherwise.

\[00:20:25\] So the government trusts them. Yes they\'re not going to
lie. Correct. Right.

\[00:20:30\] The government got a rubber stamp the paperwork you an FBI
background check as well to get the license. And what do you actually do
you like file forms for this employer like you any time based on what
the product is there could be like 120 different forms. You have to
file. We have to take what the product is determined which forms are
needed fill those out for their customer or file them electronically
with the government. So there are existing customs broke. Yeah right.

\[00:20:52\] And you\'re going to somehow you\'re going to take it
you\'re going to be an instance of software eating the world. Yeah. I
think you\'re going to eat customs brokers. Yeah. So what do you do. Is
it is it somehow scalable if you write software like what. What do you
do differently than an existing customer. Well first what we want is a
fax machine.

\[00:21:10\] And unless the customer Wow. Right.

\[00:21:14\] So yeah it\'s an online dashboard allows you to organize
all these documents and help you understand which documents are needed.
And then we actually collect those documents for you. Instead of asking
you to go get it and then we\'ll file it so I can just come to a Web
site type in what I\'m importing and have it come in theU.S. and I\'ll
take care of everything else.

\[00:21:30\] Yeah.

\[00:21:31\] Will the will of the experience for users be as simple as a
customs broker. Were they going to have to do a little bit more work. No
way less work. It\'s less work. Oh absolutely. I mean we do that work
for you. But doesn\'t the humans customs broker like to interview out of
people what they\'re importing.

\[00:21:47\] Like the person says they\'re importing we\'re not removing
the human element that we\'re pairing you with a license customs worker
we have customs workers on staff at its locations tould like enable it.

\[00:21:56\] It\'s sort of like Uber. Yeah I haven\'t used that
knowledge. It\'s kind of like telling border for products instead of for
people. OK. Yeah yeah. How much does someone pay a broker to import like
a million dollars of goods.

\[00:22:09\] Usually it\'s not dependent on the value of the goods.
It\'s like between a hundred and three hundred dollars per shipment and
there\'s 30 million shipments that enter theU.S. every year are filed
with the Customs Customs entry 30 million yeah. And then that\'s just
tip the iceberg. So really I mean how many of themU.S. Customs Brokers
use a customs worker. I mean you can have a big company you have a
customs broker Insaaf. Yeah I would think like Apple at a certain scale.
Yeah you hire customs workers. We\'d like to make it so you don\'t have
to hire a customs broker because our software is easier to use than than
maintaining that division of your company you have customers now. Yeah
we have three customers right now that are importing stuff. We actually
have a waiting list of 300 the peak oil company in the world signed up.
We were a little scared of creating an energy crisis.

\[00:22:52\] We told them to hold off we have a supertanker approaching
40 years later right now. So how did you get those customers.

\[00:23:03\] So I was in the industry for like 12 years I know a lot of
importers. Are you currently a customs broker. I have not personally had
Abkhazia\'s worker license I have customs here. It works for me. I kind
of teaching me everything.

\[00:23:17\] So you guys have you already been doing the manual version
of this.

\[00:23:21\] So over the years I\'ve probably imported about a thousand
containers and clear them through customs. OK. My companies that I\'ve
worked with worked for my brother\'s company is one of only so for my
brother.

\[00:23:34\] So you do know how to do this yourself. Yeah sure. Why is
no one done this before.

\[00:23:41\] Well why the existing companies haven\'t done it before is
kind of obvious. There you go to a customs broker convention software
where software the years probably the whiteners start ups have done it.
Well first why mention it\'s highly regulated hard to get a license. And
actually until recently it wasn\'t possible to clear shipment except at
your local port. So if you built a software startup to do this you could
only help people importing into the Port of Oakland.

\[00:24:06\] You had an office in every port really in 2000 you\'re not
doing the clearing though aren\'t you just matching them up with a
customs broker.

\[00:24:13\] No we are licensed customs workers we actually do the
clearance and file it electronically with customs.

\[00:24:18\] OK so you guys are kind of the customs broker of record.
Yes. So it\'s it\'s not quite like Uber yet.

\[00:24:25\] Yeah I didn\'t quite get that analogy to be honest.

\[00:24:28\] Laughter.

\[00:24:33\] He had the same mordant sense of humor as your brother.

\[00:24:38\] Office hours with him always a little bit prickly.

\[00:24:44\] All right. So how are you going to get all of the customers
all the importers to switch to this. Well presumably they have these
like long strained relations with their customer brokers. Yeah and
they\'re kind of importers to a large degree have this figured out by
definition.

\[00:24:58\] They\'ve been doing it they know how to import goods. So
but every and every time we imported product into theU.S. it\'s public
record that product. And my last company actually sells that data. We
aggregate every time you import something yeah. We\'ve collected 300
million of those shipping manifests itself subscriptions to access it.
So we know every single you have a grocery list. So you have the
customer list. Yeah.

\[00:25:19\] We have every importer in America and a database that we
can wow that\'s very convenient.

\[00:25:25\] Wow. So how far along are you. Have you got sort of like a
Christopher bait version.

\[00:25:33\] Yeah I like the MVP product it\'s a web app you can sign up
for it. We\'re not taking new users right now but that\'s just a matter
of me wanting to feel like everything\'s super tight and nice user
experience but it has.

\[00:25:46\] Yeah I mean it has the fun the functionality the function
version it\'s going to have to hum homeownership interview done with
your first three customers. How much right many inbound shipments if you
don\'t notice it at first glance it\'s happening in November.

\[00:25:56\] So we\'ve got these guys lined up ready to go. We\'ve got.
But the first shipment actually the government shut down three weeks ago
stopped us from. They won\'t take a new broker. The guy whose light job
it is to onboard US was furloughed but he\'s backwords office and I
filed the forms on Monday.

\[00:26:12\] I was hoping to have that down and be able to come up the
Yap and say our first shipment already but see you idiots in the
government you are actually slowing down innovation how much do you
make.

\[00:26:29\] Did you have a sense of like on average how much she\'ll
make per customer.

\[00:26:32\] Yeah well for each clearance that gross margin should be
out 75 percent. It doesn\'t take a lot of time to kind of. So you can be
like really Hands-On and higher level but through the process. How much
do people pay for one clearance. We\'re going to charge a hundred
dollars to do it no matter the size of the shipment. Yeah pretty much.
It\'s actually not about the size but like there\'s some things you
might charge extra for like clearing certain if you want to do something
that has a clear with FDA there\'s extra paperwork we might charge.

\[00:26:56\] Actually it seems that people would pay a lot more for like
7 7 7 full of phones then you know like one little ship. Yeah.

\[00:27:03\] Well that now they\'re going to pay more in taxes to the
government. Right. But as far as the broker it\'s still just one former
or current brother is charged flat rates no matter what they ship. No
they charge more. And you know I\'m kind of looking at a little
differently where the brokerage is just the way that we enter the much
larger logistics space because once I\'m your customs broker I know
everything about your supply chain. So what is you don\'t have freight
warehousing inspectors looking set up with trucks or something like
that. Someday I would like to be doing all those things. But are other
brokers doing that sort of these services after you get into the
country. Yeah but I don\'t know that they look at it as like they\'re
the primary way that they\'re going to make money.

\[00:27:40\] They would never go into it as a loss leader for example
and I don\'t know if I\'ll do that.

\[00:27:44\] I like I don\'t like burn rates but how much do you think
you\'ll be able to make like in a once the thing launches.

\[00:27:52\] Yeah well the logistics globally is at two point three
trillion dollar industry. No I just mean when you do the customs broker
I just like to say the word trillion you know really big markets are bad
start ups not good.

\[00:28:04\] Yeah if you say a too big number the investors just don\'t
believe it.

\[00:28:09\] You know it\'s really hard to say. I mean I\'ve kind of
model that and say like oh yeah we can make about 30 million dollars a
year in profit just being a Customs Brokerage if you get say 1 percent.
I don\'t like to do that kind of analysis but you know each customer is
probably worth maybe two or three thousand dollars a year.

\[00:28:25\] And I think we can get as many customers at the core
businesses 3 billion a year. Yeah it\'s Wearne percent.

\[00:28:31\] Yeah exactly the customs currency is it\'s about 5 billion.

\[00:28:35\] I mean you said earlier the wholeU.S. Customs about
business about 3.

\[00:28:39\] Now I don\'t have exact figures for that but based on the
number of shipments that are clear and what people charge for the ship
are you going to hire just an army of sales guys and go on that list
possibly by asking if we had an army of sales guys and it wasn\'t that
fun to manage. But things aren\'t Funder\'s sometimes. Sometimes it\'s
the way to make the most money so I\'m not out to do it better than I
did last year so it\'s more fun.

\[00:29:00\] All right. All right interesting yeah.

\[00:29:02\] All right. Thank you. Thank you for coming. Thanks.
