**Ron Conway at Startup School 2013-7bm-Xj2jMCk.mp4**  \[00:00:00\] Morning.  \[00:00:01\] Mike Mike works.  \[00:00:03\] Okay well thanks for coming along. Delighted to have you here. We\'re going to jump right into things I wanted to talk about Twitter first because Jack Dorsey is coming here later and they\'re going public they\'re doing so well. I want you to take me back to when you first invested in what you signed on and how you first invested.  \[00:00:24\] Sure. I got to know Evan Williams because back in 1998 we invested in Google and so we knew Google from the early days and Google acquired blogger from Evan that\'s the company that Evan founded. And so I got to know Evan through that and then over time Evan left Google and went to start an incubator called obvious core and Odeo was one of the companies that that was incubated it ObviousCorp. and Odeo was in the podcasting space which was very interesting to people at the time. And I invested in Odeo Odeo ended up not doing well the podcasting space did not blossom and. Have To his credit felt so bad about Odeo going out of business. It was second startup. He gave all the investors their money back which was pretty amazing and I said you don\'t need to do this. You know investors are big people who know that you can lose money 40 percent of all of our startups go out of business completely we don\'t get a nickel out of them. I said you\'re just in that bucket. Don\'t worry about it he said no I feel so bad. I want to pay the investors back and I said fine. But whatever you do next I\'m investing 75 k in that and the next startup was Twitter. And so you lucked out there.  \[00:02:04\] What was it about there that made you say you know I\'m in the next one just count me. Well  \[00:02:09\] it was that he had such amazing human feelings about feeling bad about going out of business. And I tried to help sell ODEIO we tried to get ODEIO to a soft landing and I can\'t remember maybe we did but he he felt bad about it and I said wow what what a great person. You know at SFE age we invest in the people first. And when you have somebody do something is impressive is that. You want to invest in the next to an end. When they said Twitter I said. Hey I don\'t care what it does here\'s the money.  \[00:02:50\] So when he said Okay Ron here\'s what we\'re doing here is what you\'re investing in. What did you think.  \[00:02:56\] Well he was nice enough to say you should go talk to Jack Dorsey because Jack you know Twitter came out of the mind of Jack Dorsey and so have said hey one of our partners at obvious corp is Jack and he has he has this product vision for Twitter. And this is going to be the next company that we all spend a lot of time on. There were other companies in obvious corp as well. But Twitter was the one they took the spotlight off of ODEIO put it on Twitter and I went and had lunch with Jack over in South Park in San Francisco and I just said hey I\'m investing. Tell me what it is. And.  \[00:03:36\] What did what did you think when he said here\'s what it is 140 characters. Well reaction my reaction was hey great let\'s see if it works and.  \[00:03:48\] And with any product. It\'s do the users like it. So if the product takes off it\'s a good product. And like Facebook and Snapchat so many of these others it started taking off right away. And the big problem Twitter had was keeping up with the growth the fail whale became more prominent than the bird.  \[00:04:14\] Speaking of Snapchat and Pinterest and all in Facebook you invested in all of these early before they were big I\'d love for you to remember back to what the founders were like or what you thought about the product. Way back when they started I guess snapchat is newer but the other two were there.  \[00:04:33\] So Facebook Twitter page Pinterest. So while I feel like we\'ve talked about Twitter Facebook so Facebook I started with Sean Parker because we invested in Napster than we were the first investors in Plaxo. That was Sean Parker second company. And so when Sean became the president of Facebook he came to me and said hey you know come and mentor me and Mark. And I said Great. And so the first time I met. Mark and Sean. Funny enough it was just a few weeks after they had moved to California and the Facebook metrics were were already like this going straight up just just like Twitter. A few years later and you never argue with the metrics so the amazing thing about Zuck is is the vision and confidence that he had. Not arrogance but confidence that this thing is going to keep growing. And at the end of the first meeting I said hey how many users is this thing going to have in a couple of years. And he looked me in the eye and said 300 million. And it ends up he was off by 700 million because Facebook has over a billion users today. But he was thinking big then.  \[00:06:00\] I feel like you with Facebook. I know you\'ve told me that you\'re a little bit skeptical about the social networking thing at first. But you must have seen something special in Mark.  \[00:06:12\] Well what what what what what got me excited at Facebook was the growth you know the user adoption and engagement the amount of time that people were spending on the site. So even though I\'m not a big Facebook user myself even today you never argue with the users. And Facebook was picking up users you know very very quickly. So if you look at. You know we invest in people first so Facebook I was investing in Sean Parker\'s reputation and then learning about Mark with Twitter. It was I was investing in Ev and learning about Jack. And then fast forward till you know a year ago we see snapchat now with Snapchat. I can see the pattern recognition you know so Facebook Twitter you have Instagram in there even though we didn\'t invest and then you have snapchat. So Snapchat is one that we said wow this is probably going to be a big gap because there is this phenomenon happening right now. We\'re human. Where were applications and social apps in particular are changing the way people behave and how they communicate with each other. Facebook Twitter and Snapchat and Instagram prove that. And so there\'s a huge opportunity for more companies in this space.  \[00:07:41\] Any idea what this will be.  \[00:07:43\] I don\'t because I\'m not a founder but I\'m sure people out there have ideas on what what is the next social app. Because social apps are changing the way people communicate. Facebook adding photos was huge. People started communicating with photos. And now you have Snapchat which is really just photo messaging. I mean who would have predicted that even three years ago.  \[00:08:12\] Do you think the Founders knew they were going to just explode like they did because all all of these stories have that in common. Can\'t argue with that. The user growth.  \[00:08:21\] Well there are a lot of companies though that didn\'t explode in these spaces. But but I think every founder thinks their company is going to explode. The founders whose company don\'t explode and they keep iterating until it does. Ah ah ah ah really unsung heroes.  \[00:08:41\] That\'s a good segway actually and Silbermann of Pinterest was here last year and I loved his story because it was a really long road for them both with users and with getting investments. Do you remember when you first met. And what made you think they were good.  \[00:08:56\] Yes. Bend\'s Ben and Pinterest is a great example of a founder where it didn\'t explode right away like Twitter Facebook or Instagram. Ben Silverman had to keep iterating for a year and a half which we heard about when he spoke last year. But here\'s a guy who is very persistent and stayed close to his users. He had focus groups mainly with groups of women that he that he would bring together in a coffee shop. And then he would call them the next day to make sure they were still using the product and keep getting feedback. In iterating until the product took off. In the case of Pinterest you didn\'t discover the product at SPV angel we meet once a week for four hours I chair that meeting because lots of people think I\'m not involved in NSV angel or some thing because I\'m involved in philanthropy and civic engagement. But but no 80 percent of my time is still spent on investing and helping companies. But I\'m not the picker the rest of our team or pickers and a couple of years ago David Lee and Kevin Carter said Hey Ron listen up. This is an app that we think is going places Pinterest and Pinterest is in its infancy and we co-invest Rashaan officier on the east coast and there is nothing like a woman\'s intuition. Shana Fisher was barking in our ear as well saying hey this app is really really cool. It\'s where people pin their aspirations and so so I didn\'t discover Pinterest the S V Angel team and Shana Fisher discovered it. But I went to meet Ben and what I saw was a very unusual entrepreneur because a lot of you all typewriters are outspoken and aggressive. So entrepreneurs are type A or. Or you\'re in the Ben Silverman category a very shy soft spoken but very cerebral and thoughtful. And so the first time I met Ben was it was in Mountain View and I think we chasing an allocation for the next round. So saying hey Ben what can I do to help you which is how ASV Angel operates. We just go to the entrepreneur and say give us a hard project and fix it. And all startups have hard projects so bent gave me a few projects and off we went. But what I noticed about him is he\'s a founder that actually has a calming effect. So there\'s a lot of founders who. At the Friday. Team meetings wind up their team in the case of Ben Silverman. He winds up the team in a cerebrally way by actually making everybody calm.  \[00:11:59\] And I noticed that it\'s now it\'s very cool.  \[00:12:02\] It\'s amazing. And his rifle focused on the product. And entrepreneurs like Zach and Jack Dorsey and Ben Silverman are successful because they didn\'t care about the outside world. All they cared about. In the early days and today as well it is is the product the best it can be. And our users loving it. And I don\'t want to do a press interview. I don\'t want to be distracted. I just want to keep building a great product and those end up being becoming great.  \[00:12:38\] Big companies. Are you able to tell us any of the hard projects that he asked you to do with the but were they all really has to be on three things here.  \[00:12:51\] You know with Pinterest lots of introductions. Hey let me introduce you around at Apple. Let me introduce you around at various companies where they didn\'t have relationships and that can bootstrap growth. If if the iPhone is your first platform and we can help get you in front of people at Apple because Apple respects your judgment that that will help a company grow.  \[00:13:24\] I ask because I actually have sort of inside knowledge on all of the hard problems or most of the hard problems that Ron has helped the Y Combinator startups fix. And most of them can\'t even be told well and most don\'t ask you to solve our problem.  \[00:13:38\] Most are MAFF to do with with funding. So most of the a lot of the hard projects are funding or in a lot of cases emeny transactions were where we don\'t publicize the activity. But but with Pinterest we\'ve with all of our companies in general we always help with a series A round. And then if the company wants it with the on going rounds of financing as well we probably can\'t get into that one even though there is a great one from a hotel room. Yes. With with Air B and B that that one\'s been discussed.  \[00:14:15\] What are they. Okay well let\'s talk about fundraising because I did have a question for you on that. I mean it jumped to that quickly. What do you see with the founders what are the biggest mistakes that founders make in fundraising and what are some of the best qualities of people showing their fundraising.  \[00:14:35\] Well I guess the biggest mistake I see with founders and fundraising is founders are not focusing enough on finding the investor who can add the most value.  \[00:14:49\] A lot of founders are worried and concerned about valuation and delusion. And I think valuation in dilution is secondary to if you can bring in a top tier investor who adds value to this space that you\'re in that\'s worth that\'s worth millions and millions. To your valuation you know in the case of Air B and B that a host of investors trying to invest this is you know it\'s heresy because we had the negotiation in a hotel room when we should have had it where Brian Chesky was staying which is at an Air B and B host location. But but what Brian Chesky got that night was oh no we should go with the investor who adds the most value. So Andriessen Horowitz invested a multi billion dollar valuation but there were other investors who even wanted to pay more. And I said to Brian that night hey I think Jeff Jordan at Andreessen Horowitz could do a lot for this company and Brian Chesky for the next year. Every conversation we had which is often he started with thank you and I go What are you thanking me for. Thank you for Andriessen Horowitz and Jeff Jordan because Jeff did this this and this today to pick the right investor and not pick a value added investor.  \[00:16:21\] The other thing is keep the process moving quickly for sure. Get one term sheet a sap. So you have a forcing function because investors really don\'t like making decisions as quickly as an entrepreneur needs them to make a decision. So if you can get a forcing function which is basically a term sheet out of anyone then you can truthfully call the other investors and I can call them on your behalf and say we have a term sheet we\'re going to accept in 24 hours. Do you have a term sheet. You better hurry up and submit it.  \[00:16:56\] And we did this during the year BMB financing. There was all kinds of disarray and we just said Hey today\'s the day everyone submit your term sheet by 5:00 or you\'re not in the running but if you get one term sheet you can do that. So so keep the pace so don\'t lose momentum. And then once you get any inkling of an agreement send an email that commits the investor to that agreement. Very very important.  \[00:17:25\] So you\'re not being annoying to follow.  \[00:17:28\] Yeah  \[00:17:28\] it\'s just a short e-mail just confirming dot dot dot. You know and it\'s just confirming that that well in the case of some commitment I am delighted that you committed to invest at 100 million valuation. My lawyer\'s going to call you tomorrow.  \[00:17:45\] Then it\'s in writing that that investor has committed. Have you seen over the years we have seen memories many many transactions that fail because somebody doesn\'t remember what they said Think of it happens even more on our emanate transactions. You know if we\'re trying to get a company a soft landing and we get the soft landing committed those are the ones that people will try and wiggle out of and a soft landing is when someone gets acquired early on.  \[00:18:20\] Yeah.  \[00:18:20\] Basically where hey this is not going to be the next Facebook let\'s but we have a great product. Let\'s take that product and make it part of Facebook. And when you put Facebook user base with it you know we can fulfill the dream of the product.  \[00:18:38\] And that\'s where we see people not confirming and getting into trouble.  \[00:18:41\] Yeah. Correct because there\'s there\'s optionality on transactions like that. And in the case of the company the startup needs that transaction to happen so they don\'t end up with the pressure ofPhil.  \[00:18:56\] Yeah.  \[00:18:56\] You don\'t have a whole lot of leverage but I imagine you how you get that area I guess we help out a lot to dig down a little bit in founders again. But what are the promising signs that you see when you meet all these people.  \[00:19:14\] Well I think product focus is really really important and I didn\'t realize this probably to the last of an angel investing since 1994 only an Internet software companies and then we invest in people we invest buy in tuition but it\'s in the last five years that I\'ve really looked for I\'ve found founder qualities that say that their rifle focused on the product the quality of the product. You know Ben Silverman Jack Dorsey. It\'s just crucial. So when when we see that that they don\'t want to be distracted because they just want to focus on the product and we have lots of bloggers and press people who call us and say hey get Ben Silverman to talk to me. And Ben Silverman. No no no. Eventually you say hey why don\'t we talk to this guy from Fortune. Because I\'d rather work on the product. I\'d rather get a million more happy users than talk to somebody at Fortune magazine. That\'s a great entrepreneur. It\'s on the way to building a big company. The other factor that we look for is decisiveness. It is so important to make decisions and keep momentum in growing your company. And you know founders make lots of decisions about the product. You know let\'s change this on the product and we\'ll get better metrics. You need to use the same skillset for building your team and deleting from your team. You need to hire fast and you need to fire fast because if there\'s deadwood in your company everyone in the company already knows it. If you know it everybody else knows it and you can actually make morale go up if you make a decision that hey. That person\'s not working out even if they\'re a co-founder. You\'ve got to make those decisions.  \[00:21:17\] And imagine you see people struggle with that a lot because it\'s hard to.  \[00:21:20\] Yes sire confounded and that\'s why I\'m talking about it. You got to be decisive yeah you have to have a clear vision. When I\'m talking to an entrepreneur I\'m saying are other people going to work for him when. He or she tries to hire somebody. Are you a team builder or are you a leader. So even though these companies are young and only have five people. When I\'m talking to an entrepreneur I\'m saying wow can can this person manage a thousand people and there are types of people were where I\'d nod to myself and say yeah that person can manage a thousand people.  \[00:22:00\] What if someone when they\'re first starting really can\'t manage a thousand people. Are you able to say this person can grow or have you seen examples of people who\'ve grown into that role. Well yeah I think I think in the early early days of Twitter. I think Jack Dorsey had trouble managing and Jack Dorsey.  \[00:22:23\] Thought about his shortcomings and went and made Twitter better then left Twitter invented square you know how obvious plugging a a credit card reader in to you know the earplug of an iPhone. I got the very first demo of square from Jack. And watched him build square flawlessly hiring a management team that did that if he has a deficiency. He makes sure to hire somebody really powerful in that area. So recognizing the deficiency and then building your team around that with everyone recognizing what everyone\'s deficiencies are. Yeah that\'s growing and maturing.  \[00:23:17\] You know while you\'re building these great companies they think we have time for two more questions.  \[00:23:23\] I know it went so quickly I think even tell me if these are good because we\'re going to end on a high note. You\'ve been doing this for like 20 years. What has changed and what has been the same since when you first started now.  \[00:23:36\] Well a lot of things have changed. If you think back to when I started my first company Alto\'s computer in 1979 in order to I know this is unbelievable but it\'s important for this group to know it in 1979 to get your company funded. You had to be growing you had to be doubling every year and you had to be at least 20 percent pre-tax profitable.  \[00:24:05\] So investors basically would only invest if you are already successful. So it wasn\'t really venture capital. If you go today just the cost of starting a company is tiny and there\'s lots of people willing to take risk in invest. So the climate for starting a company is significantly better today. The other thing is mobile. Watching King the Internet convert from. The web to mobile. You know this. This thing is not a phone that\'s in your pocket it\'s a computer. And what we have some of these social apps that are running on the phone first. It\'s so so so different from everyone writing for the web. Now everyone\'s working on mobile apps. Companies are moving to cities. I think that\'s really interesting too. There\'s this migration especially of the social companies to cities. Another phenomenon is you know you go back you know when Google started in 1998 the algorithm was the intellectual property. Today it\'s the user design and the user interface that leverages an application. So the world has shifted from algorithm IP to design and user interface IP being the most important.  \[00:25:34\] Does that mean lots of lots of big big changes.  \[00:25:38\] What about last question in all these years what have you been surprised by. The biggest surprise and satisfaction for me is watching entrepreneurs mature at the speed of light.  \[00:25:55\] When they have to. So if you pick Larry Page at Google Jack Dorsey Zuckerberg Ben Silverman. These companies take off those founders have got to mature. Manage thousands of people and keep their product focus and all four of those examples they met the expectations. But think about what happens when they go home at night. You know their companies are hiring 10 people a day and they\'re force to mature and adapt to that growth. And these entrepreneurs are doing it. And watching that happen and helping them do it is the most satisfying thing you\'ll ever do. Which is why I\'m not retired.  \[00:26:49\] Well awesome thank you so much for. 
