**Balaji Srinivasan at Startup School 2013-cOubCHLXT6A.mp4**

*2013年创业学校Balaji Srinivasan-cOubCHLXT6A.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] I can talk about why coming here. I guess so I guess you
all know about that. Let me interrupt myself briefly while things are
loading here. So my name is biology\'s Srini boss and there\'s actually
12 people with my same first and last name in the Bay Area alone. In
fact I randomly ran into another one of them at Stanford and founded a
genomics company for them. So my I go by my full initials SS and I am a
Stanford lifer. I got myB.S. Stanford in 2006 I started teaching
computer science and statistics there. I left Stanford in early 2008
scandalising the department to found a genomics company which has become
very successful. Our names counsel and we test about 3 percent of all
births in the United States. I\'ve also taught a Moog at staff at
Stanford WVU which has become quite successful. But I\'m going to talk
about something fairly different today.

[00：00]我可以谈谈为什么来这里。所以我想你们都知道。在这里装货的时候，让我简短地打断一下自己。所以我的名字是生物学的斯里尼老板，实际上在湾区有12个人和我同名。事实上，我在斯坦福偶然遇到了另一家公司，并为他们创建了一家基因组公司。所以我用我的首字母SS，我是斯坦福大学的一员。我在2006年拿到了斯坦福大学的学士学位，我开始在那里教计算机科学和统计学。2008年初，我离开了斯坦福大学，让该部门丑闻缠身，成立了一家已经非常成功的基因组公司。我们的名字，法律顾问，我们测试大约3%的出生在美国。我还在斯坦福大学(StanfordWVU)的员工中教过一门Moog课程，这门课程已经相当成功。但我今天要谈一些完全不同的事情。

\[00:01:01\] So can we go yes or so we can talked about today is
something I\'m calling Silicon Valley\'s ultimate exit and so as
motivation here you know it\'s a bit topical. Is the USA the Microsoft
of nations we can take this sort of thing and we can expand it. Mark.
Code base is 30 years old run an office gated language system was shut
down for two weeks straight systematic FUD on security issues fairly
ruthless treatment of key suppliers generally favors its rich enterprise
customers. But we still have to buy up and you know if we think about
Microsoft itself there\'s a great quote from Bill Gates in 1998 what
displaced Microsoft what you know what did he fear. It wasn\'t Oracle or
anybody like that. What he feared were some guys in a garage who
happened to be. Ultimately we found was Larin Serguei back in 1998. And
the thing about what parents figured did is there\'s no way that they
could have reform Microsoft from the inside at that time. Microsoft
already had 26000 employees joining in those numbers twenty six thousand
twenty six thousand one of them trying to push for 20 percent time or
free lunches they probably wouldn\'t have done too far. So what they had
to do was start their own company.

[00：01：01]那么，我们能不能说，是的，或者说，我们今天可以谈论的是我所说的硅谷的最终退出，因此，作为动机，你知道，这是一个有点热门的话题。是美国，是国家的微软，我们可以采取这种做法，我们可以扩大它。马克。代码库是30年前运行的一种办公门控语言系统，连续两周关闭，系统FUD在安全问题上相当冷酷无情地对待关键供应商，一般有利于其富有的企业客户。但是我们仍然需要收购，你知道，如果我们考虑微软本身，有一句来自比尔盖茨(BillGates)1998年的名言，它取代了微软(Microsoft)，你知道他害怕的是什么。不是甲骨文或者其他类似的人。他担心的是车库里的一些人碰巧是。最终我们在1998年发现了LarinSerguei。家长们的想法是，他们不可能在那个时候从内部对微软进行改革。微软已经有26000名员工加入了这一数字，其中一人试图争取20%的时间或免费午餐，他们可能不会做得太远。所以他们要做的就是开一家自己的公司。

\[00:02:42\] They had to exit and with success in that in that
alternative then Microsoft imitate them. And this is actually relate to
a fundamental concept in political science the concept of boys versus
exit the company or a country is in decline.

[00：02：42]他们不得不退出，成功地选择了另一种选择，然后微软模仿他们。这实际上与政治学中的一个基本概念有关，男孩和退出的概念-公司或国家正在衰落。

\[00:02:58\] You can try Foy\'s or you can try exit Boyce\'s basically
changing the system from within. Whereas exit is leaving to create a new
system a new startup or to join a competitor. Sometimes loyalty can
modulate this sometimes that\'s patriotism which is voluntary and
sometimes it\'s Lockean which are involuntary barriers to exit and we
can think about this in the context of various examples and start to get
a feel for this so you know voice in the context open source would be a
patch exit it would be a fork voice in the context of a customer would
be a complaint form whereas exit would be taking your business
elsewhere. Voice in the context of a company that\'s a turnaround plan
Exodus leaving to found a startup and voice in the context of a country
is voting while exit is immigration. So are those two images on the left
is the normal Rockwell painting on voice on the rise actually my dad in
the center and that\'s kind of a grass hut on the right hand side to
grow up on a dirt floor in India and left because India was an economic
basket case and there is no way that he could have voted to change
things within his lifetime. So he left and it turns out that while we
talk a lot about voice in the context ofU.S. and talk about democracy
that\'s very important. But you know we\'re not just a nation of
immigrants or a nation of immigrants were shaped by both boys. And it
started with the Puritans you know they fled religious persecution. The
American revolutionaries which you know left England\'s orbit. You know
then we started moving west leaving the East Coast bureaucracy to go to
Western nations. Later late eighteen hundreds. Ellis Island people
living pogroms and in the century fleeing Naziism and communism and
sometimes people didn\'t just come here for a better life they came here
to save their life. That\'s the airlift in the end of Saigon.

[00：02：58]您可以尝试Foy\s，或者您可以尝试退出Boyce从内部改变系统。而退出是为了创建一个新的系统，一个新的启动或加入一个竞争对手。有时忠诚度可以调节这一点，有时是出于自愿的爱国情操，有时是非自愿退出的障碍，我们可以在各种例子的背景下考虑这一点，并开始对此有一种感觉，因此，在上下文中，开放源码中的声音将是一个补丁出口，而在客户的上下文中，它将是一个分叉的声音。投诉表，而退出则会把你的业务转移到别处。在一家公司的背景下，这是一项扭亏为盈的计划这两幅画的左边是普通的罗克韦尔，声音在上升，实际上是我的父亲在中间，那是一间在右边的草屋，在印度的一层土地上长大，而左边，因为印度是一个经济篮子，他不可能在他的有生之年投票改变一切。所以他离开了，结果发现，当我们在美国谈论声音，谈论民主的时候，这是非常重要的。但你知道，我们不仅是一个移民的国家，或者一个由两个男孩组成的移民国家。从清教徒开始，你们知道他们逃离了宗教迫害。你们知道的美国革命家离开了英国的轨道。你知道，然后我们开始向西迁移，离开东海岸的官僚机构去西方国家。晚些时候是十八世纪末。埃利斯岛人生活着大屠杀，在本世纪逃离纳粹主义和共产主义，有时人们来这里不仅仅是为了更好的生活，他们来这里是为了拯救他们的生命。那是西贡尽头的空运。

\[00:04:50\] And it\'s not just theU.S. that ship by eggs at Silicon
Valley itself is also shaped by eggs that you can date back to the
founding of Fairchild Semiconductor with the Traitorous Eight and the
founding of Fairchild. The fact that non-competing are not enforceable
in California.

[00：04：50]在硅谷，鸡蛋发运的不仅仅是美国，你还可以追溯到费尔柴尔德半导体公司成立时的卖国贼和费尔柴尔德的成立。事实上，不竞争在加州是不可执行的。

\[00:05:04\] And you know the fact that DC funds disruption not just
turn around you know the concept of walking an open source you know if
you think about the back button that is in some ways the cheapest ways
to exit something. And of course the concept startup itself. That right
there if you guys haven\'t seen as one of why commandeers first ads
Laren Serguei won\'t respect you in the morning. So the concept here is
that it was actually an extremely important force in compliment to
voice. And it\'s something which is something that gives voice its
strength. So in particular protects minority rights in the upper left
corner. For example you can imagine two countries and country one is
foreign policy a country. Falling policy be some minority you know is
potentially interested in following policy B but is very stridently
promulgated by the majority. However there are some other country maybe
a smaller country maybe another country that\'s actually quite into be.
And so that person leaves and you know they\'re not initially super into
B but they think it might be interesting just be questionmark and what
happens is it all the other guys in a sea that people are actually
leaving. They really care about this particular policy so much that they
actually left. It could be a feature where people are leaving for a
competitor. It could be a bug that you haven\'t fixed so people fork the
project and take it somewhere else. What happens is exit amplifies
voice. Right. So it\'s a it\'s a crucial additional feature for
democracy is to reduce the barrier to exit to make democratic voice more
powerful more successful. And so a voice gains much more attention when
people are leaving in droves. And you know if I would bet that exit is a
reason why half this audience is alive. Many of us have our ancestors
who came from China Vietnam Korea you know Iran places where there\'s
war famine economic basket cases. It is something that I believe we need
to preserve and exist with this talk is about so is really a medic
concept. It\'s about alternatives it\'s a medic concept that subsumes
competition forking founding and physical immigration. It means giving
people the tools will lose influence of bad policies over their lives
without getting involved in politics the tools to peacefully opt out.
And if you combine those three things you know this concept of theU.S.
is a much softer nations. The quote from Gates and Hirschmann is
treatise.

[00：05：04]你知道DC资金中断的事实，不仅仅是扭转局面，你知道走开源的概念，如果你想到后退按钮，在某种程度上，这是退出某些东西最便宜的方式。当然，这个概念本身就启动了。就在这里，如果你们还没有被视为第一次征兵的原因之一的话，拉伦？塞尔盖早上就不会尊重你了。所以这里的概念是，它实际上是一种非常重要的力量，它是对声音的恭维。这是一种赋予声音力量的东西。因此，特别保护左上角的少数族裔权利。例如，你可以想象两个国家和一个国家是一个国家的外交政策。下跌政策是一些少数，你知道，可能有兴趣遵循政策B，但是非常鲜明的颁布，由大多数。然而，还有其他一些国家，可能是一个较小的国家，也许是另一个国家所以那个人离开了，你知道他们最初并不是超级进入B，但是他们认为这可能很有趣，只是做个问号，而发生的是人们实际上要离开的海洋中的所有其他人。他们真的非常关心这个特定的政策，以至于他们真的离开了。这可能是一项功能，人们将前往竞争对手。它可能是一个你还没有修复的bug，所以人们会把这个项目转移到其他地方。所发生的是出口放大声音。右（边），正确的因此，民主的另一个重要特点是减少退出的障碍，使民主的声音更有力、更成功。因此，当人们成群结队地离开时，声音会得到更多的关注。你知道，如果我敢打赌，退出是一半观众还活着的原因。我们中的许多人都有来自中国、越南、朝鲜的祖先，你们知道，伊朗是战争、饥荒、经济死灰复燃的地方。这是我认为我们需要保留和存在的东西，这是关于这个话题的，所以这是一个真正的医疗概念。它是关于可供选择的，它是一个医疗概念，包含竞争，分叉，创建和物理移民。这意味着给人们的工具，将失去不良政策对他们的生活的影响，而不介入政治的工具，和平选择退出。如果你把这三件事结合起来，你就会知道，美国这个概念是一个更加温和的国家。盖茨和赫希曼的引文是论文。

\[00:07:29\] You get this concept of Silicon Valley\'s ultimate exit.

[00：07：29]你明白硅谷最终退出的概念。

\[00:07:33\] Basically I believe that the ability to reduce the
importance of decisions made in DC in particular without lobbying or
sloganeering it\'s actually going to become extremely important over the
next 10 years. And you might ask why what does this have to do with
anything.

[00：07：33]基本上，我认为，在没有游说或口号的情况下，降低DC决策的重要性的能力在未来10年实际上将变得极为重要。你可能会问，这与任何事情有何关系？

\[00:07:45\] So the reason why is that today it\'s Silicon Valley versus
what I call the paper belt just for cities that used to run the United
States in the post-war era. Okay Boston with higher ed in New York City
with Madison Avenue books Wall Street newspapers Los Angeles with movies
music Hollywood and of courseD.C. with laws and regulations formerly
running the country. And so I called them the paper belt after the rust
belt of yore. And in the last 20 years a new competitor to the paper
belt arose out of nowhere Silicon Valley and by accident we\'re putting
Horsehead in all of their beds. We are becoming stronger than all of
them combined.

[00：07：45]所以，原因是今天的硅谷与我所说的“纸带”相比，它只适用于那些在战后时代统治美国的城市。好吧，波士顿，纽约高等教育，麦迪逊大道书籍，华尔街报纸，洛杉矶电影，音乐，好莱坞，当然还有哥伦比亚特区的法律法规。所以我把它们叫做纸带，跟过去的铁锈带一样。在过去的20年里，纸带的一个新竞争对手突然出现在硅谷，我们偶然地把马头放到了他们所有的床上。我们正在变得比所有这些因素加起来更强大。

\[00:08:29\] And to get a sense of this you know Silicon Valley is
reinventing every industry and cities that accept there is possibly a
screenplay for you know the paper ofL.A. andL.A. is going to iTunes you
know BitTorrent your Netflix Spotify Youtube. That\'s really those are
really the first on the hit list starting in 99 with Napster.

[00：08：29]为了了解这一点，你知道硅谷正在改造每一个接受“洛杉矶报”的行业和城市。洛杉矶将去iTunes，你知道，BitTorrent，你的Netflix Spotify YouTube。这真的是第一次进入热门榜，从99年的纳普斯特开始。

\[00:08:46\] New York right alongside AdWords Twitter Blogger Facebook
Kindle Aereo. We\'re going after newspapers we\'re going after Madison
Avenue we\'re going after book publishing we\'re going after television
Aereo figured out how to put a salted antenna in a server farm so you
don\'t have to pay any TV fees over there recording recently Boston was
next in the gun sights Khan Academy Coursera Udacity and most
interestingly DC and by DC I\'m using as a medium for just government
regulation in general because not justD.C. It includes local and state
governments Uber Airbnb NBA Stripe Square and of course you know the big
one bitcoin are all things that threatenD.C. power. It is not
necessarily clear that theU.S. government can ban something that it
wants to ban anymore. And so because of this it\'s something called a
paper jam. The backlash is beginning. No more jobs predicted for
machines not people job automation is a future unemployment crisis
looming imprisoned by innovation as you know. Tech wealth explodes
Silicon Valley poverty spikes.

[00：08：46]纽约就在AdWords Twitter博主Facebook KindleAereo旁边。我们要找报纸，我们要去麦迪逊大道，我们要看书，我们要看电视，Aereo想办法在服务器场里放一个盐渍天线，这样你就不用在那里支付任何电视费用，最近波士顿是枪击案中的下一个，可汗学院，古德西亚，最有趣的是，华盛顿特区，我正在用它作为公正政府的媒介。一般来说，监管不仅仅是因为特区政府。它包括地方和州政府、优步、Airbnb、NBA Stripe广场，当然，你知道，大比特币都是威胁着D.C.权力的东西。现在还不清楚美国政府是否可以禁止它想要禁止的东西。因此，这就是所谓的卡纸。反弹开始了。正如你所知，没有更多的机器工作，而不是人，工作自动化是一场未来的失业危机，被创新所囚禁。科技财富猛增，硅谷的贫困急剧增加。

\[00:09:51\] They are basically going to try to blame the economy on
Silicon Valley to see that as the iPhone and Google that done did it not
the bailouts of bankruptcies and the bombings. And you know this is
something which we need to identify as false and we need to actively
repudiate so we must respond via a voice you know the obvious counter
argument is that the value reduces prices and the top it\'s a little
small but that\'s the famous graph. You know consumption spreads faster
today. That shows the absolute exponential rise of technologies over the
last century.

[00：09：51]他们基本上是想把经济归咎于硅谷，让他们看到的是iPhone和谷歌所做的事情，而不是破产救助和爆炸案。你知道，这是我们需要识别为虚假的东西，我们需要积极地拒绝，所以我们必须通过一个声音来回应，你知道，明显的相反论点是，价值会降低价格，而最上面的价格会有点小，但这就是著名的图表。你知道，今天消费的传播速度更快。这表明技术在上个世纪的绝对指数增长。

\[00:10:26\] You know anything that is initially just the province of
the 1 percent whether it be computers or cell phones quickly becomes the
province of the 5 percent and the 10 percent that MBP that barely works
that someone is willing to pay thousands and thousands of dollars for
allows you to fix the bugs to get economies of scale to bring it to the
10 percent and then 20 percent and 50 percent the middle class and the
99 percent. That\'s how we got cell phones from you know a toy from Wall
Street to something that\'s helping the poorest of the poor all over the
world. Technology is about reducing prices the bottom curve there is
Moore\'s Law.

[00：10：26]你知道的任何事情，最初只是1%的范围，不管是电脑还是手机，很快就变成了5%的范围，而MBP的10%几乎不起作用-有人愿意花上成千上万美元-可以让你修复bug，使其达到10%的规模效益，然后再把它提高到10%。20%和50%的中产阶级和99%的人。这就是我们如何得到手机的-你知道，从华尔街来的玩具-帮助世界上最贫穷的人的东西。技术就是降低价格-这是摩尔定律的底部曲线。

\[00:10:59\] And by contrast the paper built raises them. There is a
tuition bubble and the mortgage bubble and the medical care bubble in
too many bubbles to name and so the argument that the Valley is a
problem is inherent but it\'s not going to be sufficient to respond to
Viard voice. We can make this argument but Dopeman counter argument is
actually exit and not in the Scholey physical exit but exit in a variety
of different forms. What they\'re basically saying is ruled by DC means
people are going back to work and emerging meme is that rule by us is
ruled by Terminator\'s. We\'re going to take all the jobs. Whereas we
can say and we can argue Deasy\'s role is more like a building in
Detroit and downright there is actually like google data center right.
And so we can go back and forth verbally but ultimately this about
counterfactuals. They have aircraft carriers we don\'t. We don\'t
actually want to fight them.

[00：10：59]与之形成对比的是，这篇论文提出了它们。这里有一个学费泡沫、抵押贷款泡沫和医疗保健泡沫，太多的泡沫让人难以启齿，因此，关于硅谷是一个问题的观点是固有的，但它不足以回应维亚德的声音。我们可以提出这个论点，但多普曼反论点实际上是退出，而不是在斯科利物理出口，而是退出，以各种不同的形式。他们说的基本上是由DC统治的，这意味着人们要回去工作，而新兴的模因是，我们的规则是由终结者统治的。我们将接管所有的工作。我们可以说，而且我们可以说，Deasy的角色更像是底特律的一栋大楼，实际上就像谷歌的数据中心。所以我们可以用口头的方式来重复，但最终，这是关于反事实的。他们有我们没有的航空母舰。我们其实不想和他们打。

\[00:11:54\] Wouldn\'t be smart. So we want to show what a society run
by Silicon Valley would look like without actually affecting anyone who
still really believes the paper belt is actually good.

[00：11：54]不明智。所以我们想要展示一个由硅谷管理的社会是什么样子，而不会影响到那些仍然相信纸带真的很好的人。

\[00:12:06\] And that\'s where EXID comes in. So what do I mean by this.
What I mean by Silicon Valley is ultimate exit. It basically means build
an opt in society. Ultimately outside theU.S. run by technology and this
is actually where the value is going.

[00：12：06]这就是EXID的来龙去脉。所以我所说的这是什么意思。我所说的硅谷是最终的退出。它基本上意味着在社会中建立一个选择。最终是在美国以外的技术运行，这是真正的价值所在。

\[00:12:22\] This is where we\'re going over the next 10 years. That\'s
where mobile is going. It\'s not about a location based app it\'s about
making location completely irrelevant. So Larry Page for example wants
to set aside a part of the world for unregulated experimentation that\'s
carefully phrase. He\'s not saying you know take away the laws in
theU.S. if you like your country you can keep it. Same with Mark
Anderson Right the world is going to see an explosion of countries in
the years ahead double triple or quadruple countries. Right since end of
the Cold War we\'ve just been seeing them burst up in all kinds of
places and some of the best. We\'ll have lessons for all the rest. You
know Singapore\'s healthcare system is an example to the rest of world.
Estonia actually has digital parking meters and all kinds of things we
can copy those things without necessarily taking the risk let them take
the risk and then we can we can copy them.

[00：12：22]这是未来10年我们要去的地方。这就是移动公司的发展方向。它不是关于一个基于位置的应用程序，而是关于使位置完全无关。例如，拉里·佩奇(LarryPage)想要留出世界的一部分，用于不受监管的实验，这是一句谨慎的话。他不是说你知道拿走美国的法律，如果你喜欢你的国家，你可以保留它。同样，马克·安德森(MarkAnderson)也是如此，在未来几年，世界上的国家数量将增加两倍、三倍或四倍。就在冷战结束后，我们就看到他们在各种地方和最好的地方爆发了。剩下的课我们都有课。你知道，新加坡的医疗体系就是世界其他国家的榜样。爱沙尼亚实际上有数字停车收费表和各种各样的东西，我们可以复制这些东西，而不一定要冒风险，让它们承担风险，然后我们就可以复制它们。

\[00:13:07\] It amplifies so importantly you don\'t have to fight a war
to start a new company. You don\'t you know killed the former CEO in a
dual so a very important medic concept is create peaceful ways to exit
and start new countries.

[00：13：07]它放大了一个如此重要的事实：你不需要打一场战争就能创建一家新公司。你不知道在双重环境中杀死这位前首席执行官，所以一个非常重要的医疗概念就是创造和平的方式退出并开创新的国家。

\[00:13:25\] So you know to the founders of PayPal Peter TEEAL is into
seasteading Elon Musk wants to build a Mars colony and you can scale it
back to you know even on Hacker News just recently within the realm of
someone on unstaffed number one versus starting number two. These guys
just went and bought a private island is random. So you know in middle
Canada it\'s freezing cold it\'s their sticks over there doesn\'t
exactly look like a walk who but the best part is this the people who
think this is weird.

[00：13：25]所以你知道PayPal的创始人Peter TEEAL对航海很感兴趣，埃隆·马斯克想要建造一个火星殖民地，你可以把它缩小到你知道的哈克新闻上，就在最近，在第一名和第二名的人的范围内。这些人只是去买了一个私人岛屿是随机的。所以你知道，在加拿大中部，那里很冷，那是他们的树枝，看起来不像散步，但最棒的是，那些认为这很奇怪的人。

\[00:13:53\] The people who sneer at the frontier right who hate
technology they won\'t follow you out there.

[00：13：53]那些对边疆右派嗤之以鼻的人，他们讨厌科技，他们不会跟着你们出去。

\[00:13:59\] OK. That\'s the thing about you know it is you can take as
much or little of it as you want. You don\'t have to actually go and get
your own island you can do the equivalent of dual booting or
telecommuting you can opt out to whatever level that you prefer. Right.
Simply going onto Reddit rather than you know watching television is a
way of opting out. There is this entire digital world up here which we
can jack our brains into and we can opt out the bill may stop us from
leaving. And that\'s actually what I think of as one of the most
important things over the next 10 years is to use technology especially
mobile to reduce the barriers to exit. You know we can build a world run
by software. Here are some examples.

[00：13：59]好的。这就是你所知道的，你可以想吃多少就吃多少。你不必真的去拿你自己的岛，你可以做双启动或远程办公，你可以选择到任何你喜欢的水平。右（边），正确的只是去Reddit，而不是你知道，看电视是一种选择退出的方式。这里有一个完整的数字世界，我们可以将我们的大脑插入其中，我们可以选择退出，这一法案可能会阻止我们离开。这就是我认为未来10年最重要的事情之一，就是使用技术，特别是移动技术，以减少退出的障碍。你知道我们可以建立一个软件运行的世界。以下是一些例子。

\[00:14:41\] 3D printing will turn regulation to DRM they\'ll be
impossible to ban physical objects from medical devices to drones to
cars you can 3D print all these things and their entire 3 letter
regulatory agencies that are just you know devoted to banning goods with
Bitcoin you know capital controls become packet filtering. It\'s
impossible to do Bailin if everyone\'s on bitcoin to seize money as they
did in Cyprus or in Poland with quantified self medicine is going to
become mobile you\'re gonna be able to measure yourself with
telepresence your immigration policy is going to turn into your firewall
w robotics is just a start.

[00：14：41]3D打印将把监管转到DRM，他们将不可能禁止从医疗设备到无人机到汽车的实物，你可以打印所有这些东西，而他们的全部3封信都是专门用于禁止使用比特币的商品的监管机构，你知道资本管制变成了包过滤。如果每个人都像在塞浦路斯或波兰那样，用量化的自我医学手段攫取资金，那么贝利是不可能做到的。你将能够用远程存在来衡量自己，你的移民政策将变成你的防火墙-机器人只是一个开始。

\[00:15:17\] You know anybody sees you know robots are controlled
remotely moving them around like a doom game. Soon they\'ll be humanoid
on their site and they\'re going to get pretty good so you can be
anywhere in the world walking around with a humanoid robot on their side
and you know without paying a plane to get drones.

[00：15：17]你知道有人看见你知道机器人是遥控的，把它们像毁灭游戏一样移动。很快，他们就会在他们的网站上变成人形机器人，而且他们会变得非常好，这样你就可以在世界上任何地方都能用一个人形机器人在他们身边行走，你知道的，不用付飞机就能买到无人机。

\[00:15:34\] Warfare is going to become software law is going to become
code management via robotics is going to become automation and property
rights are going to become a network effect if you know about bitcoins
smart property.

[00：15：34]如果你知道比特币的智能属性，战争将成为软件法律，通过机器人进行代码管理将成为自动化，产权将成为一种网络效应。

\[00:15:44\] It\'s the technological details these are topics for the
next move you can sign up at corsairs or from such core startup.

[00：15：44]这是技术细节-这些都是你可以在corsair或者这样的核心创业公司注册的下一步的话题。

\[00:15:51\] Will be better the third time around.

[00：15：51]第三次会更好。

\[00:15:56\] But that\'s what I think you know if you if you want to
think big if you want to think about things that are next.

[00：15：56]但这就是我想知道的，如果你想要想大，如果你想思考接下来的事情。

\[00:16:02\] Build technologies as minimal or as maximal as you want for
the next society looks like it could be something as simple as long.
People in the middle class to make tax shelters apps that allow people
to travel and relocate better because that huge pain to move from city
to city. Anything you can think of that reduces the barriers to exit.

[00：16：02]为下一个社会构建尽可能少或最大的技术，看起来可能是简单的事情。中产阶层的人们为了让人们能够更好地旅行和迁移而制作避税软件，因为从一个城市搬到另一个城市会带来巨大的痛苦。你能想到的任何事情都可以减少退出的障碍。

\[00:16:19\] That reduces Lockean if we\'re determined to build
something like this thanks. Applause.


[00：16：19]如果我们决心建造类似这样的东西，那就减少了Lockean，谢谢。掌声。

