**Chase Adam at Startup School 2013-WlT3UhC7NwQ.mp4**

*Chase Adam在2013年开办学校-WlT3UhC7NwQ.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Hi everyone. My name is Chase. And like Jessica said We
recently had the privilege of being the first nonprofit to go through Y
Combinator. So to tell you just a quick one minute about Watsky we\'re a
nonprofit crowdfunding platform. So the easiest way to think about us is
that we\'re basically like Kickstarter for health care around the world
so you can go on our Web site see photos and read stories of patients
all over the world that need access to low cost high impact medical care
but can\'t afford to pay for it. And you can donate as little as five
dollars and directly fund say a lifesaving heart surgery for a 12 year
old girl in Nepal or directly fund a prosthetic arm for Hosei a 46 year
old man father of five in Guatemala. So I spent a lot of time thinking
about what on earth I was going to talk about today. And I thought about
all the good starter presentations I\'ve ever heard in my entire life
and I realized that every good presentation falls into one of two
categories. There are informational presentations where really smart
people get on stage and tell you that A plus B plus equals startup
success. And there are motivational presentations where really
successful people get on stage until you really funny stories about all
the mistakes they made and all the hard lessons they learned on the long
road to success. And I was really frustrated when realized that I
couldn\'t give either one of those two presentations today. On the one
hand I\'m not experienced or smart enough to have the slightest idea
what the formula for startups success is if I did want to be doing ten
billion dollars a year. And on the other hand I\'m not successful enough
to tell you funny stories about the lessons I think I\'ve learned
because I have absolutely no idea if those lessons are ultimately going
to result in success or if they\'re ultimately going to result in
failure. So I procrastinate like crazy two days ago I remember the best
startup presentation I\'ve ever heard in my entire life. The best
starter presentation I ever heard was when Brian and Nathan of Arabic
Inbee came to Y Combinator and told us a story about how Airbnb spent
their first thousand days a thousand days searching high and low for
product market fit. I\'ve never left a presentation more motivated more
inspired in my entire life. But I had one problem with the presentation.
One nagging thought that I just could not get out of my mind. And it was
that Brian and Nathan and everyone else at Irving B. They earned their
right to come to Y Combinator and tell that story. But I couldn\'t help
but go home and wonder how many other startups have persisted for a
thousand days or maybe a hell of a lot longer and ultimately failed. And
that\'s when I realized the one thing I could actually talk about today.
The one story I could tell you guys I could tell you our story the story
of what Watsky and I can tell it with an honesty that successful people
can\'t I can\'t tell you. Laughter I can tell you the story of what\'s
on our nine hundred and ninety nine day the day before anyone knows if
we\'re going to be a massive success or Fergies it\'s going to be a
spectacular failure. So about two and a half years ago I was serving as
a Peace Corps volunteer in Central America and I was sitting on the back
of a bus right at the Panama Costa Rica border. And I remember that at
that point in my life that bus was the absolute last place in the entire
world. I wanted to be.

[00：00]大家好。我叫蔡斯。就像杰西卡说的，我们最近有幸成为第一个通过YCombinator的非营利组织。所以，简单地告诉你一分钟关于Watsky的事情，我们是一个非营利的众筹平台。所以想我们最简单的方法是，我们基本上就像Kickstarter一样，在世界各地进行医疗保健，这样你就可以在我们的网站上看到世界各地需要获得低成本、高影响医疗服务的病人的照片和故事，但却付不起钱。你可以捐出5美元，直接为尼泊尔一名12岁的女孩做一次挽救生命的心脏手术，也可以直接为46岁的何赛提供假肢，他是危地马拉的五个孩子的父亲。所以我花了很多时间思考我今天到底要讲什么。我想到了我这辈子听过的所有好的演示文稿，我意识到每一个好的演讲都属于两种类型之一。有一些信息性的演示，让真正聪明的人上台告诉你，A加B+等于创业成功。还有一些励志演讲让真正成功的人上台，直到你看到真正有趣的故事，讲述他们所犯的所有错误，以及他们在通往成功的漫长道路上学到的所有艰难经验。当我意识到我今天不能给出这两个演讲中的任何一个时，我真的很沮丧。一方面，我不够有经验，也不够聪明，根本不知道创业成功的秘诀是什么，如果我真的想一年做100亿美元的话。另一方面，我还不够成功，不能给你们讲一些我认为我学到的课程的有趣故事，因为我完全不知道这些课程到底是最终会导致成功，还是最终会导致失败。所以两天前，我疯狂地拖延着，我记得我一生中听到过的最好的创业演示。我听过的最好的入门演示是，当阿拉伯人In蜜蜂的Brian和Nathan来到Y Combinator，给我们讲了一个故事，讲述Airbnb如何在他们的头一千天里，千里迢迢地寻找合适的产品市场。在我的一生中，我从来没有离开过比这更有动力的演讲。但我在演讲中有一个问题。一个唠叨的想法，我就是无法摆脱我的脑海。是布莱恩，内森和欧文B的其他人，他们赢得了他们的权利，来到Y组合，并讲述了这个故事。但我还是忍不住回家，想知道还有多少初创公司坚持了一千天，或者可能更久了，但最终还是失败了。就在那时候，我意识到了我今天能说的一件事。我能给你们讲一个故事，我可以告诉你们我们的故事，沃茨基和我能诚实地告诉你们，成功的人不能告诉你们，我不能告诉你们。笑声，我可以告诉你们我们九九十九天的故事，在没有人知道我们是否会取得巨大的成功或费奇之前，这将是一个惊人的失败。大约两年半前，我在中美洲当和平队志愿者，当时我坐在巴拿马、哥斯达黎加边境的一辆公共汽车的后座上。我记得在我生命中的那一刻，那辆公共汽车绝对是世界上最后一个地方。我想成为。

\[00:03:25\] It was hot. It was muggy. I was sweating like crazy. There
was this old guy sitting next to me that kept kind of like nudging into
me. And so I was just curling up against the window trying to sleep but
the bass was too bouncy so I couldn\'t sleep against the window.

[00：03：25]天气很热。太闷热了。我出汗得像疯了一样。有个老男人坐在我旁边就像在推我一样。所以我只是蜷缩在窗户上，试着睡觉，但是低音太有弹性了，所以我不能靠窗睡觉。

\[00:03:39\] I remember I just kept constantly smelling mildew because
I\'d been living in the tropics for a year and a half. Your clothes
never get a chance to dry and I\'m just smelling the mildew coming off
the color of my shirt. I remember there\'s a black Northface duffle bag
at my feet and in that black black Northface stuff duffels every single
thing in the world I own. I\'m ten to twelve thousand dollars still in
student loan debt. I have another one to two thousand dollars in credit
card debt and no hope of paying off until I\'m done with the Peace
Corps. And that\'s not the worst part the worst part is that I just a
day before I\'ve gotten off a plane from United States now was back
home. United States I was there from my grandmother\'s funeral while I
was there. I caught up with a bunch of my old college and high school
friends in San Francisco and I have no idea why I thought this. But

[00：03：39]我记得我只是不断地闻到霉味，因为我在热带已经住了一年半了。你的衣服从来没有机会干，我只是闻到了发霉，从我的衬衫颜色。我记得在我脚边有一个黑色的北面帆布包，在那个黑色的北面布袋里，我所拥有的世界上的每一件东西都是帆布。我还欠学生贷款十到一万二千美元。我还有一到两千美元的信用卡债务，在和平队结束之前，我没有还清债务的希望。这并不是最糟糕的是，就在我从美国下飞机的前一天，我已经回家了。当我在那里的时候，我是从祖母的葬礼上来的。我赶上了我在旧金山的一群大学和高中的朋友，我不知道我为什么这么想。但

\[00:04:22\] before I saw my friends I figured they were all going to be
miserable. I was the guy that spent the last five to seven years working
with nonprofits traveling around the entire world. I figure they were
living the office space life working dead end jobs in cubicles in San
Francisco miserable day in and day out. But that wasn\'t the case my
friends were all happy. Every single one of my friend every single of my
friends had an awesome apartment. They actually had girlfriends and
boyfriends. They went out they got to date. They were having fun. But
beyond that they were working for companies and building products and
solving problems that they cared about. They were happy they had found a
way to do good and do well. And in contrast the six years I\'ve spent
traveling around the world working with nonprofits it seems slow. It
seemed bureaucratic it seemed underfunded. It didn\'t come with the same
energy and optimism and innovation that San Francisco had to and so this
is a direct quote. But I told every single person I knew my friends and
my family when I was back in San Francisco said I\'m done with this.
That\'s it I\'m not going to sell my soul.

[00：04：22]在我见到我的朋友之前，我以为他们都会很痛苦。在过去的五到七年里，我一直在和非营利组织一起周游世界。我想他们过着办公室的生活，在旧金山的小隔间里没完没了地干着没完没了的活。但事实并非如此，我的朋友们都很高兴。我的每一个朋友，都有一个很棒的公寓。他们其实有女朋友和男朋友。他们出去约会了。他们玩得很开心。但除此之外，他们还在为公司工作，制造产品，解决他们关心的问题。他们很高兴他们找到了做好事的方法，做得很好。与此形成鲜明对比的是，我花了六年时间在世界各地与非营利组织合作，这似乎很缓慢。这似乎是官僚主义，似乎资金不足。它并没有像旧金山那样充满活力、乐观和创新，所以这是一句直接引用的话。但当我回到旧金山时，我告诉每个人，我认识我的朋友和家人，我说我受够了。我不会出卖我的灵魂。

\[00:05:30\] I said I\'m not going to sell my soul but I\'m going to
come back to San Francisco and like all of you you\'re going to find a
way to do well and do good so there I am sitting in the back of that bus
in Central America trying to think about how on earth I\'m going to get
there my last five months in the Peace Corps and this woman gets on the
bus.

[00：05：30]我说过我不会出卖我的灵魂，但我要回到旧金山，和你们所有人一样，你们会找到一种做得好和做好事的方法，所以我坐在中美洲那辆巴士的后座上，试着思考我在和平队的最后五个月里，我将如何到达那里，而这个女人却上了公共汽车。

\[00:05:48\] There\'s a picture one of the actual buses woman gets on
the bus and she starts asking all these local passengers for donations
to pay for her son\'s medical treatment. Now the second I hear that I
just tune her out and stop listening. I\'m immediately skeptical. People
in Central America get on the bus every single day one after another
asking for donations. Preaching selling products. No one ever buys but a
few minutes later I notice that this woman is walking down the aisle of
the bus toward me and all of the local passengers were getting her money
and I could not for the absolute life of me figure out why all of these
local people trusted this woman. Well they had never trusted all the
women that came before and it turns out that these people trusted this
woman because she had her son\'s medical record with her. She was
passing it around the bus. It was in a red folder there grilling her
with questions about the doctor or the hospital or the condition. And
she seemed to earn their trust. She got to the back of the bus. I gave
her 5n or cloning\'s which is like a dollar because all these local
farmers are donating I dont want to be that one stingy gringo that
doesn\'t give her any money she gets off the bus and I get goosebumps
and I think it\'s crazy that we have websites like Kickstarter or with
the click of a button crowdfund really any type of creative project. We
have Web sites like donors choose worth a click of a button you
crowdfund a classroom project for a student really anywhere in the
United States. Why on earth is there not a Web site where we could
crowdfund really the most important thing of all which is health care
for people that can\'t afford to pay for it right then having been the
most jaded I\'ve ever been in my entire life. Five minutes earlier I
decided to start Watsa and decided to name it after the town I was
traveling through.

[00：05：48]有一张照片，一位真正的女乘客上了车，她开始向所有当地乘客索要捐款，以支付她儿子的医疗费用。现在，我一听到她的声音，我就不听她的话了。我立刻对此表示怀疑。中美洲的人们每天都上公共汽车，一个接一个地要求捐款。推销产品。没人买过东西，但几分钟后，我注意到这个女人正沿着公共汽车的过道向我走来，所有的当地乘客都在拿她的钱，我无法为我的绝对生命弄明白为什么所有这些当地人都信任这个女人。他们从来没有信任过所有以前来的女人，结果发现这些人信任这个女人，因为她有她儿子的医疗记录。她在公共汽车上经过。它在一个红色的文件夹里，问她关于医生、医院或病情的问题。她似乎赢得了他们的信任。她到了公共汽车的后面。我给了她5N或克隆，这就像一美元，因为所有的当地农民都在捐赠，我不想成为一个吝啬的外国佬，她不给她任何钱，她从公共汽车上下来，我会起鸡皮疙瘩，我认为我们有像Kickstarter这样的网站，或者点击一个按钮，众筹，真的是任何类型的创意项目，这是很疯狂的。我们有像捐赠者这样的网站，选择一个值得点击的按钮，你可以为美国任何地方的学生提供一个课堂项目。为什么在这个世界上没有一个我们可以为大众资金筹集资金的网站，这是最重要的事情，那就是为那些没有能力支付医疗费用的人提供医疗保健，这是我一生中最疲倦的一次。五分钟前，我决定启动Watsa，并决定以我所走过的城镇的名字命名它。

\[00:07:25\] When the woman got on the bus so this was my got home. So
this was my little hut in the in the Peace Corps. I had one outlet one
light running water for one hour a day. But for those last 5 months were
really the best 5 months of my life. I just became obsessed like
obsessed with Watsky. All I could do is think about Losey for 10 to 15
hours a day and I would play a game and the game or at play as I would
just think up every possible issue or problem or externality that could
arise with a Wannsee model and I\'d try to come up with a solution for
five months. And you guys are probably sounds crazy. Most of you could
probably build Watsa in 2 months and here I am sitting in the middle of
nowhere thinking about the idea for 5 months but in retrospect those 5
months for me were some of the most important five months and watches
history. And the reason for that is that what is that nonprofits are
oftentimes is that nonprofits oftentimes need to be a little bit more
careful a little bit more skeptical and a little bit more introspective
than for profits. And the reason for that is that with nonprofits it\'s
often really really hard to know if you\'re succeeding or if you\'re
failing with a for profit. I envy all of you guys. It\'s so simple. You
build a product. If people want that product they buy and they give you
money. The better your product the more money they give you the more
people buy it the more you succeed the worse your product the fewer
people buy it the less money they give you the less you succeed you can
measure success in real time and you can measure success in dollars and
cents. Nonprofits are a lot more complicated nonprofits. We have to go
to one group of people. We had to convince them to give us money. We had
to turn around 180 degrees take that money and give a product to an
entirely different group of people. And that\'s where the problem is.
It\'s really hard to get feedback from that second group of people.
It\'s hard because of communication. They often speak a different
language. They\'re living in a really isolated area. They don\'t have
access to internet access to a cell phone maybe they\'re not even
literate. It\'s also difficult because when you\'re giving people
something for free or when you\'re giving people something that\'s
heavily subsidized they\'re often really reluctant to give you any
negative or critical feedback at all for fear that you\'re gonna stop
giving them whatever it is you\'re giving them. And it\'s also hard
because sometimes you get people things that help them on day one and
they end up hurting them on day 365 I remember when I learned this
lesson the first time before I was in the peace group I was living and
working in Haiti.

[00：07：25]当那个女人上了公共汽车，这就是我到家了。这就是我在和平队的小屋。我有一个插座，一天一个小时的自来水。但过去的5个月真的是我生命中最好的5个月。我只是迷上了沃茨基。我所能做的就是每天想一想洛西10到15个小时，我会玩一个游戏和游戏，或者在玩游戏的时候，我只会想出每一个可能的问题、问题或外部性，这些问题可能会出现在Wannsey模型中，我会尝试找出一个解决方案，持续5个月。你们可能听起来很疯狂。你们中的大多数人可能会在2个月内建造Watsa，而在这里，我正坐在茫茫人海中，思考这个想法5个月，但回想起来，这5个月对我来说是最重要的五个月之一，也是观察历史的最重要的一个月。这样做的原因是，非营利组织往往比利润更谨慎、更怀疑、更内省。这样做的原因是，对于非营利组织来说，很难知道你是成功了，还是为了盈利而失败了。我羡慕你们所有人。太简单了。你制造一个产品。如果人们想买那个产品，他们会给你钱。你的产品越好，他们给你的钱越多，购买的人越多，你的产品越成功，你的产品越少，人们给你的钱越少，你的成功就越少，你可以实时地衡量成功，你可以用金钱和金钱来衡量成功。非营利组织要复杂得多。我们得去找一群人。我们得说服他们给我们钱。我们不得不转180度，拿着那笔钱，给一个完全不同的群体一个产品。这就是问题所在。很难从第二组人那里得到反馈。因为沟通很难。他们经常说不同的语言。他们住在一个非常偏僻的地区。他们无法上网，无法使用手机，也许他们甚至都不识字。这也很困难，因为当你给别人免费的东西，或者当你给别人一些补贴很大的东西的时候，他们总是不愿意给你任何负面或批评的反馈，因为担心你会停止给他们你所给予的任何东西。这也很难，因为有时人们在第一天就得到了帮助他们的东西，而他们却在365天伤害了他们。我记得在我第一次加入和平组织之前，我在海地生活和工作的时候，我学到了这个教训。

\[00:09:49\] And my third week in Haiti local Haitian friend of mine
took me to this outdoor Haitian market got to the market and there\'s 50
plus Haitian women and there are little groups of women and maybe five
to seven to a group and they\'re all squatting and kind of like a
semicircle. The first group of women bunch of eggs are selling eggs and
the second group of women are squatting down and they\'re selling
plantains and bananas and my friend taps me on the shoulder and says
Chace look at the third group a woman. Look at the third group of women
there squatting down just the same. But they have white bags coming up
in front of them and the top of the bags were rolled down on the front
of the bags are an American flag and inside the bags are rice with a
little cup to scoop out a cup of rice he said. Those women are selling
rice for pennies on the dollar. They are selling rice for one one
hundredth of what it should actually cost. The reason they\'re selling
rice for so cheap is that every time there\'s a humanitarian disaster or
there\'s a crisis in Haiti what happens is a bunch of nonprofits and a
bunch of governments many of them the United States not only go to one
group of people they ask for money they take that money they go toU.S.
companies they buy a bunch of rice they send out rice to Haiti and they
give it to people that are starving makes a lot of sense. The problem is
that this has happened so many times that we\'ve flooded the Haitian
market with free or heavily subsidized rice he said Chase. We\'ve put
all the local farmers out of business. How can a local Haitian rice
farmer compete with the free products. And I remember hearing that story
and getting really frustrated and thinking but the problem is so clear.
People are hungry but the solutions and really the whole world really
the whole nonprofit world and oftentimes just be really complicated. So
we got back I got back United States after the Peace Corps. We put
together a volunteer team we were 10 people we had Grace who is in India
at the time helping us with marketing. We had Jesse in Portland doing
all of our code. We had Howard in South Carolina and all of our finances
and we get on a Google Hangout every Tuesday night and we\'d work on
quazi. We had no funding no office no salaries no users no revenue and
we didn\'t want any of those things we didn\'t care we didn\'t have any
desire. The last thing in the world I wanted to do is build a big
nonprofit organization. We are only doing what because we thought it was
cool because we thought it was fun because we wanted to start a
nonprofit that we ourselves would donate to. And in retrospect that
being small and being obscure actually gave us a huge advantage. It
enabled us to do whatever we wanted. We are beholden to no one and we
could take risks and we could do things that the big nonprofits could
never do. So doing that year and a half we made five decisions which I
think Shape the Future Watsky. The first was you decided to be radically
transparent. We were going to be the most transparent nonprofit in the
world. That means exposing all of our operations all of our financials
and even doing extra work to do things like take screenshots of each
funds transfer and post them online so people can see exactly where
their money is going if they don\'t. On our Web site The second thing we
did is a hundred percent model if you don\'t Anawat see 100 percent of
your donation funds medical care will never take a cut no matter what
their thing is. Third thing is minimal fundraising the third thing we
decide as a team is just minimal fundraising we\'ve all seen how
operational fundraising can just destroyed nonprofits. It is such a
distraction there are so many nonprofits out there that get so obsessed
and so dependent on fundraising things like annual galas that they
forget about why they started that nonprofit in the first place. We
decided we\'re gonna have a circular organizational structure. What that
meant is that there\'s no bosses there\'s no hierarchy. There\'s no
management and that everyone it wants is responsible to every other
person. And we even got rid of founder and co-founder titles. There are
no founders at Watsky. We believe what is in a perpetual state of being
founded. It\'s crazy to me. Every new person that joins our team brings
something completely new. They changed the entire trajectory of the
organization they change the future of Watsky. It\'s nuts to think that
we\'ve been founded right. We\'re constantly changing.

[00：09：49]我在海地的第三个星期，当地的海地朋友带我去了这个海地的户外集市，那里有50多个海地妇女，有几个妇女群体，一个团体可能有5到7人，她们都在蹲着，有点像半圆形。第一组是卖鸡蛋，第二组是蹲着卖芭蕉和香蕉，我的朋友拍拍我的肩膀说，查斯看看第三组，一个女人。看看第三组女性，同样蹲下。但是他们面前有白色的袋子，袋子的顶部是滚动在袋子前面的是一面美国国旗，袋子里面是米饭，有一个小杯子用来舀一杯米饭，他说。那些妇女以一美元卖大米。他们卖大米的价格是实际价格的百分之一。他们以如此便宜的价格出售大米的原因是，每当海地发生人道主义灾难或危机时，发生的都是一群非营利组织和政府-其中许多是美国政府-他们不仅向一群人索要钱，他们把钱交给美国公司，他们购买了一批大米，然后送出大米。对海地来说，他们给了饥饿的人们，这是很有意义的。他说：问题是，这种情况已经发生了很多次，以至于我们在海地市场上充斥着免费或大量补贴的大米。我们让当地所有的农民都破产了。当地的海地稻农如何才能与免费产品竞争呢？我记得我听过这个故事，感到非常沮丧和思考，但问题太明显了。人们很饿，但是解决办法，真的，整个世界，整个非盈利世界，还有很多时候，都是非常复杂的。所以我们回来了我在和平队之后回到了美国。我们组建了一个志愿者团队，我们有10个人，格蕾丝当时在印度，帮助我们做市场营销。我们让杰西在波特兰做我们所有的代码。我们有霍华德在南卡罗莱纳州和我们所有的财务，我们得到谷歌Hangout每周二晚上，我们将工作在Quazi。我们没有资金，没有办公室，没有工资，没有用户，没有收入，我们不想要任何我们不在乎的东西，我们没有任何欲望。在这个世界上，我最不想做的就是建立一个大型的非营利组织。我们之所以这么做，只是因为我们认为这很酷，因为我们认为这很有趣，因为我们想创办一个我们自己愿意捐赠的非营利组织。回想起来，小而晦涩实际上给了我们巨大的优势。它使我们能够做任何我们想做的事。我们不受任何人的约束，我们可以承担风险，我们可以做一些大型非营利组织永远不会做的事情。因此，在那一年半的时间里，我们做出了五个决定，我认为这决定了未来的沃茨基。第一个是你决定从根本上透明。我们将成为世界上最透明的非营利组织。这意味着暴露我们所有的业务，所有的财务状况，甚至做额外的工作来做一些事情，比如对每笔资金的转帐进行截图，并将它们上传到网上，这样人们就能准确地看到他们的钱在哪里，如果他们不这样做的话。在我们的网站上，我们所做的第二件事是百分之百的模型，如果你没有看到你的捐赠资金的百分之百，不管他们是什么，医疗服务都不会被削减。第三件事是最低限度的筹款，作为一个团队，我们决定的第三件事就是最低限度的筹款，我们都看到了运营资金是如何摧毁非营利组织的。这是如此的分散注意力-有那么多的非营利组织如此痴迷，如此依赖于筹款活动，比如年度盛会，以至于他们忘记了为什么他们在一开始就创建了这个非盈利组织。我们决定要有一个循环的组织结构。这意味着没有老板，没有等级。没有管理，它想要的每个人都要对其他人负责。我们甚至取消了创始人和联合创始人的头衔。沃茨基没有创始人。我们相信什么是永远存在的。对我来说太疯狂了。加入我们团队的每一个新人都带来了全新的东西。他们改变了整个组织的轨迹，他们改变了沃茨基的未来。认为我们的成立是正确的，真是疯了。我们在不断地变化。

\[00:13:49\] And the last thing we decided was that when ever we were
making a decision any decision that impacted our patients or the impact
that our donors that we\'d always treat our patients and our donors
exactly how we would want to be treated if we were in their specific
situation so we worked on Watson for a year and a half every Tuesday
built the site for nothing and then spent three thousand dollars to try
and get a nonprofit which we did ourselves and got denied and then we
figured out a way to get it. But we post it I will never forget the day
we launched we launched on August 3rd of 2012 we launched at 9a.m. in
the morning and we sent out an e-mail to our entire network. Now are
thinking okay it\'s going to go crazy now. Ten minutes no donations 15
minutes no donations. Crickets. My mom donated. Grace\'s mom donated
Jessie\'s mom donated. Our friends and family slowly donated. And then
about an hour and a half two hours after we sent out the e-mail that was
it. That was our big fancy launch two to two and a half or so. That was
it. And so I said I decided that I wanted to post a hacker news. I\'d
never posted a hacker news in my entire life I never even made a
comment. I was too scared that you were just going to destroy me. But I
did. I decided not to tell our team because I figured no one was going
to vote. And I don\'t want them to all get disappointed. So my plan was
that I would post a hacker news and if I got up as I tell a team but if
it didn\'t get up votes I was just going to delete it and pretend like
it never happened. And so I posted a hacker news outlet like maybe like
a Pisces on there I can\'t see it at 11a.m. that morning and by
lunchtime we were the number one post on Hacker News sent 16000 unique
visitors to Watsky. We funded every single medical treatment almost
instantly and our entire pipeline. We had 189 comments on Hacker News.
Hundreds of tweets hundreds of Facebook posts hundreds of e-mails text
messages. It was just absolutely crazy. And I remember I told my boss I
was working in finance in the city that\'s him and I was like I knew the
day off and I just sat at my desk shaking answering Hacker News comment
after Hacker News comment for the entire day so after we launched we got
Hacker News and then a few days later NBC picked it up into an article
about what to you which was like the coolest thing ever. And then a few
days after that I was in bed and I got a Google or that tech crunch had
written an article about Wannsee. I had no idea they were going to
write. I have no idea they even knew who what he was and I remember this
is so embarrassing.

[00：13：49]我们最后决定的是，当我们做出决定时，任何影响到我们的病人的决定，或者我们总是对待我们的病人和捐献者的影响，如果我们处在他们的特殊情况下，我们会怎样对待他们，所以我们每个星期二在沃森身上工作了一年半，毫无意义地建造了这个网站。然后花了三千美元去争取一个非营利组织，我们自己做的，却被拒绝了，然后我们想出了一个办法来实现这个目标。但是我们发布了它，我永远不会忘记我们在2012年8月3日发布的那一天，我们在上午9点发布。早上我们给整个网络发了一封电子邮件。现在想，好吧，它现在要疯了。十分钟，没有捐赠，十五分钟，没有捐赠。蟋蟀。我妈妈捐的。格蕾丝的妈妈捐了杰西的妈妈捐的。我们的朋友和家人慢慢地捐赠了。然后大约一个半小时后，我们发出的电子邮件，就是这样。这是我们最大的幻想发射两到两个半左右。就这样了。所以我说我决定发布一个黑客新闻。在我的一生中，我从来没有发布过黑客新闻，我甚至从来没有发表过任何评论。我太害怕你会毁了我。但我做到了。我决定不告诉我们的团队，因为我想没人会投票。我不想让他们都失望。所以我的计划是，我会发布一个黑客新闻，如果我站起来告诉一个团队，但如果它没有获得选票，我只是打算删除它，假装它从来没有发生过。所以我在网上发了一个黑客新闻，就像双鱼座一样，上午11点我看不见它。那天早上，到午餐时间，我们是黑客新闻的头号帖子，吸引了16000名独特的访客来到沃茨基。我们几乎立即资助了每一个医疗服务，我们的整个管道。我们在黑客新闻上有189条评论。数百条推特、数百条Facebook发布了数百条电子邮件、短信。简直太疯狂了。我记得我告诉我的老板，我在金融城工作，他就是他，我好像知道那天我休假了，我就坐在我的办公桌前晃动着回答黑客新闻的评论整整一天，所以在我们发布后，我们得到了黑客新闻，几天后，NBC把它写进了一篇关于该怎么做的文章中。你是史上最酷的人。几天后，我躺在床上，得到了一个谷歌，或者科技危机写了一篇关于万西的文章。我不知道他们会写信。我不知道他们甚至知道他是谁，我记得这太尴尬了。

\[00:16:16\] I remember like I was I was crying. I was so happy like we
were on tech crunch that was like the biggest thing in the entire world.
I\'ve been reading Tech Crunch and like what\'s was on Tech Crunch and I
don\'t even know they\'re going to write about us. And I remember
turning to my girlfriend at the time and saying do you think all this
started startups a tech conference about her seriously as crappy as we
are.

[00：16：16]我记得好像我在哭。我很高兴，就像我们处在科技危机中，这是世界上最大的事情。我一直在读“技术缩略语”(Tech Crunch)，我喜欢“技术缩略语”(Tech Crunch)的内容，我甚至不知道他们会写我们。我记得当时我转向我的女朋友，说：“你认为所有这些都是开始启动一个关于她的技术会议吗？”

\[00:16:37\] Laughter.

[00：16：37]笑声。

\[00:16:38\] And she\'s like.

[00：16：38]而她.

\[00:16:49\] And she\'s like What do you mean why she\'s not crappy and
I\'m like I know what she\'s like crappy The idea is awesome on the Web
site\'s good but we have no office no full time employees you can\'t
even donate to a page on our Web site because we\'re completely out of
patience and you don\'t know what to do and we wouldn\'t even send you
an ink. We wouldn\'t even send your receipt. You would just donate and
that was. It\'s like it was absurd. But none of that mattered. We\'re on
tech crunch and that was I mean we\'re on top of the world. And so then
like all good startup stories this our actual numbers. So these are this
monthly revenue since day one. Tech Crunch was that first. Kind of like
blob or designer kind of smooth this out. So normally pointy. I think
she is trying to secretly make us look better. But that first trough of
sorrow as we\'d never thought about what would happen after we launched
we never in our wildest dreams thought that we would find all the
patients like we thought we had six months worth of patients and they
were funded in a few hours. And so everything was broke and nothing was
working I decided to quit my job and I said I got to do this. I\'ve got
to try and do what\'s you full time and the next rational thing to do
was to fundraise. We had no money and the only way to run an
organization is to get some money and pay people.

[00：16：49]她是什么意思？你说她为什么不差劲，我就好像我知道她是什么样子，这个想法在网站上是很棒的，但是我们没有办公室，没有全职员工，你甚至不能捐赠给我们网站上的网页，因为我们完全没有耐心，你不知道该怎么做，我们甚至不会给你发墨水。我们甚至不会寄你的收据。你只会捐钱那就是。就好像这是荒谬的。但这些都不重要。我们正处于科技危机中，我的意思是，我们处于世界之巅。因此，就像所有好的创业故事一样，这是我们的实际数字。这是从第一天开始的每月收入。科技公司是第一个。有点像BLOB或者设计师把这件事解决了。所以通常都是尖的。我想她是在偷偷地让我们看起来更好。但是第一次悲伤-我们从未想过会发生什么-在我们最疯狂的梦中，我们从未想过我们会找到所有的病人，就像我们认为我们有6个月的病人，他们在几个小时内就得到了资助。所以一切都破产了，什么都没有起作用，我决定辞去工作，我说我必须这样做。我得试着做你全职做的事，下一个理性的事情就是募捐。我们没有钱，管理一个组织的唯一方法就是弄点钱给人。

\[00:17:58\] So I went out start fundraising and fundraising was just a
complete disaster. No one gave us money.

[00：17：58]所以我出去了，开始募捐，筹款完全是一场灾难。没人给我们钱。

\[00:18:07\] Spun worse actually the worst part of the worst parts of
being a nonprofit that no one will ever tell you know everyone to go
like this. They\'ll put you on the back and they\'ll say good job
you\'re doing something really good for the world that\'s awesome. I
really want to help you but they\'ll never write you a check. And so I
did that for like three months just spinning our wheels. I kept telling
the team we\'re so close there\'s like these 50 people that are about to
give us the money I promise. That gave us the money. So then about three
months later it\'s November 22nd and I\'m flying to Southern California
to spend Thanksgiving with my dad. The plane lands in Southern
California. I check my e-mail and in my personal e-mail there a message
from Paul Graham and Paul grammas in a recent post about what\'s on
Hacker News. I mean I found my personal email through my hacker news
account and he just wrote two sentences and the sentences were. Are you
in the Bay Area. If so I\'d like to meet an hour of being so excited
that I got off the airplane and left all my luggage for Thanksgiving on
the airplane just left it there.

[00：18：07]事实上，作为一个非营利组织，最糟糕的部分是最糟糕的，没有人会告诉你，每个人都知道每个人都会这样做。他们会把你放在后面，他们会说你做得很好，你正在为这个世界做一些很棒的事情。我真的很想帮你，但他们不会给你开支票的。所以我做了大约三个月的旋转我们的车轮。我不停地告诉球队，我们离我们太近了，就像这50个人一样，他们会给我们我保证要给我们的钱。给了我们钱。大约三个月后，是11月22日，我要飞到南加州和我爸爸一起过感恩节。飞机降落在南加州。我查看我的电子邮件，在我的个人电子邮件中有一条来自保罗格雷厄姆和保罗语法的信息在最近的一篇关于黑客新闻的文章中。我的意思是，我通过我的黑客新闻帐户找到了我的私人邮件，他只写了两句话，句子是。你在湾区吗。如果是这样的话，我想见到一个小时的兴奋，以至于我下了飞机，把我所有的行李都留在飞机上过感恩节了。

\[00:19:06\] Laughter. All I needed was my cell phone. Just like this
like off Theraflu.

[00：19：06]笑声。我只需要我的手机。就像这样。

\[00:19:17\] So Jesse flew down from Portland ME ABOUT Puji a few weeks
later in Mountain View met with Jessica. He wrote us our first check.
Within like an hour I\'d be meeting with people for three months and no
unarrested check Puji made our first donation. We joined Y Combinator
commoner as the best thing ever happened Wannsee on people always ask
why. I\'m already running out of time. But people always ask why and the
big three things we got out of. I see the first was focus. It enabled
Jesse to come from Portland Grayslake I\'m from New York the three of us
lived in work in Mountain View. All we focus on was what Sea and beyond
that what Airblue and it actually taught us was to only focus on one
metric. We only looked at one metric for three months and the only thing
we try to do for 3 months was to get more people to donate was weekly
donations just to get more people to donate. We manage to increase
weekly donations 30 percent every week. The second thing I see gave us
was a network. It\'s like when you go to college you\'re like wow.
Everyone here is kind of like me. Why CEOs like that times a thousand. I
mean it\'s the most amazing network of advisers and entrepreneurs. I
could honestly ever have imagined being a part of. And the third thing
was a stamp of approval. I think that now that I see is accepting
nonprofits this might actually maybe be more important for nonprofits
and for profits. But in the nonprofit world nonprofit philanthropists
and foundations are the most risk averse group of people on the planet.
No one is willing to take a bet on a new nonprofit. Everyone\'s afraid
of being burned and to have wisely come on board and say we\'re taking a
bet we\'re making a public bet on Watsa you made it really easy when you
eventually went out and started fundraising. So we went out fundraising
take two. And I learned my lesson the first time and I said we made a
new rule that we\'re only going to fundraise for three months and
that\'s it even if we don\'t raise a dime in three months we\'re not
going to fund raise again for 18 months. We\'re going to work as
volunteers all bartend. I don\'t care. I\'m not going to fundraise a day
longer than three months. So I went out started fundraising and again it
was a complete disaster and it was a complete disaster because I didn\'t
know what we were selling. When you\'re a for profit what you\'re
selling is obvious you\'re selling a return. Give me a million dollars
and I\'m gonna give you a billion dollars in ten years. Give me let me
to talk about it with a nonprofit. Everyone gives you money for a
different reason. It\'s really complicated. And at the start I got
talked into reading these god awful books a nonprofit fundraising that
just ruined my brain. But these books told me that I should sell
emotion. They said you should go out and tell stories about your
patients and make people happy and make people cry and then ask them for
money. And I felt like a complete fraud. It was just stupid. And so I
tried to do that and the meetings were just terrible. No one gave us
money. So that lasted for like two days and then the next thing I tried
was I thought we should sell impact. What about profits do you sell
impact. Right. So created all these really fancy models and went to all
of our donors and said if you give us the money it\'s better than
getting all these other nonprofits money you give us money. Look at this
model and you\'re going to somehow manage to help education in Rwanda in
15 years by funding these girls medical care. But I felt like a suffix.
I was just like inventing numbers. Do was 16 months old I had no idea
what impact you were going to have in six months. So that didn\'t work
either. And then I finally realized what we were actually selling at
Wannsee and what were selling at Watsky is a vision and that vision is
incredibly simple.

[00：19：17]几周后，杰西从波特兰出发，在山景城见到了杰西卡。他给我们写了第一张支票。在大约一个小时内，我将与人们见面三个月，没有一个未被捕的支票普吉做了我们的第一次捐款。我们加入了Y组合平民，因为这是有史以来发生的最好的事情，人们总是问为什么。我已经没时间了。但是人们总是问为什么，还有我们从中得到的三件事。我看到第一个是专注。这使杰西能够从波特兰的格雷斯克来，我是从纽约来的，我们三个人都住在山景城的工作中。我们所关注的是什么海洋，以及更远的海域，它教会了我们，只关注一个度量标准。我们只看了三个月的一个指标，我们三个月里唯一想做的就是让更多的人去捐赠，就是每周的捐款，只是为了让更多的人捐款。我们设法每周增加30%的捐款。我看到的第二件事是给我们一个网络。就像当你上大学的时候你就像哇。这里的每个人都有点像我。为什么首席执行官们喜欢这样千百次。我的意思是，这是最令人惊奇的顾问和企业家网络。老实说，我可以想象自己是其中的一员。第三件事是一张认可的印章。我认为现在我看到的是接受非营利组织，这对非营利组织和利润来说可能更重要。但在非营利世界中，非营利慈善家和基金会是地球上最规避风险的群体。没有人愿意押注于一个新的非营利组织。每个人都害怕被烧死，并且明智地上船说我们在赌一赌沃特萨，当你最终出去募捐时，你让事情变得很容易。所以我们出去募捐了两次。我第一次学到了我的经验，我说我们制定了一个新的规则，我们只筹集三个月的资金，即使我们在三个月内没有筹集到一分钱，我们18个月内也不会再筹集资金。我们将以志愿者的身份工作，所有人都是酒保。我不在乎。我不打算筹集超过三个月的资金。所以我出去筹款，这又是一场灾难，完全是一场灾难，因为我不知道我们在卖什么。当你是为了盈利，你所卖的东西很明显，你就是在卖回报。给我一百万美元，十年后我就会给你十亿美元。让我和一个非营利组织谈谈这件事。每个人给你钱都有不同的原因。这真的很复杂。一开始，我被说服去读这些糟糕的书，这是一本非盈利的募捐，毁了我的大脑。但这些书告诉我应该卖情感。他们说你应该出去讲述你的病人的故事，让人们高兴，让人们哭，然后向他们要钱。我觉得自己是个彻头彻尾的骗子。太蠢了。所以我试着这么做，结果会议很糟糕。没人给我们钱。这持续了大约两天，然后我尝试的下一件事是，我认为我们应该出售影响力。你卖的利润如何影响。右（边），正确的所以创建了所有这些非常花哨的模型，并向我们所有的捐款者表示，如果你给我们钱，那比得到所有其他非营利组织的钱要好得多，你给我们钱。看看这个模式，你将设法在15年内通过资助这些女孩的医疗服务来帮助卢旺达的教育。但我觉得自己像个后缀。我就像发明数字一样。我不知道你六个月后会有什么影响。所以这也没用。然后我终于意识到我们在万西卖的是什么，在沃茨基卖的是一个愿景，这个愿景非常简单。

\[00:22:23\] If I asked all of you right now to raise your hand if you
would give me five hundred dollars for global health right now raise
your hand if you give me 500 dollars oh my gosh we should all go get
beers after this talk. Now look to the person sitting next to you. Look
you look look look look look at them in the eye. I\'m like matchmaking
right now I can see you.

[00：22：23]如果我现在要求你们所有人举手，如果你们现在给我500美元用于全球健康，请举手，如果你们给我500美元，哦，我的天啊，我们都应该在这次演讲后去喝啤酒。现在看看坐在你旁边的那个人。你看着他们的眼睛。我现在就像媒人一样，我能看见你。

\[00:22:46\] Laughter. Look at the person in the eye. And now imagine I
told you that unless you give me five dollars right now that person\'s
going to drop dead in the next minute. Raise your hand raise your hand
if you\'re going to let that person die.

[00：22：46]笑声。看着那个人的眼睛。现在想象一下，我告诉过你，除非你现在给我五块钱，否则那个人在下一分钟就会死掉。举起你的手，如果你想让那个人死掉的话，举起你的手。

\[00:23:00\] Laughter laughter here are the people I don\'t want to get
beers after.

[00：23：00]笑声这里是我不想喝啤酒的人。

\[00:23:07\] That was the vision we were selling at Watsky and the
vision was incredibly simple. The vision was that if we make the world
smaller we\'re going to make the world better.

[00：23：07]这是我们在沃茨基出售的愿景，这个愿景非常简单。我们的愿景是，如果我们使世界变小，我们将使世界变得更美好。

\[00:23:16\] And that vision worked. We went out we had 138 meetings in
five states over the course of three months. Of those 138 meetings 36
people were Watsa a check over a thousand dollars. Of those 36 people 13
hurt whatever check over twenty five thousand dollars. The average the
median donation amount was twenty five thousand dollars. What\'s your
raise one point two million dollars which if you do the math is eight
thousand eight hundred dollars per meeting which is just mind boggling.

[00：23：16]那个幻象起了作用。在三个月的时间里，我们在五个州举行了138次会议。在这138次会议中，36人是Watsa，一张超过1000美元的支票。在这36个人中，有13人因支票超过2.5万美元而受伤。平均捐款额为二万五千元。你的工资是多少呢？如果你算一下，每次会议的工资是八千八百美元，真是令人难以置信。

\[00:23:42\] We got really lucky some of the best people some of the
best technologists best investors and best philanthropists in the world
took a bet on us Polygram donated Ron Conaway donated Kosala donated
tents and donated Jeff Raulston donated it blew my mind. And that\'s not
a responsibility that we take lightly. Watches in a crazy place right
now.

[00：23：42]我们真的很幸运，一些最好的人，一些最好的技术专家，最好的投资者和最好的慈善家，押注于我们，波格拉姆捐赠了罗恩·康纳韦捐赠了科萨拉的帐篷，并捐赠了杰夫·拉斯顿，这让我大吃一惊。这不是我们掉以轻心的责任，我们现在就在一个疯狂的地方观察。

\[00:24:03\] On the one hand things are as good as I could have ever
imagined. First nonprofit in my commentor with 18 months of runway in
the bank we just built the most awesome team I could have ever imagined
we\'re in donated awesome office space in the mission by Teespring my
favorite freaking startup in the world with all of our friends like we
are living the dream and it\'s awesome. And on the other hand things are
just crazy. We just got sick. We just have we have a ton of challenges.
We just started getting hit with an onslaught of credit card fraud these
jackasses in Jamaica are stealing credit card numbers and don\'t pay on
Watty to see if they work a billion dollar health care company. A
billion dollar healthcare company is lying about taking us to court for
trademark infringement right in our operations putting in so many
patients which is a good problem to have. They\'re just crumbling our
donations like our operations are great scary. It\'s just grace.

[00：24：03]一方面，事情是我想象中的最好的。在我的评论中，第一个非盈利组织-在银行工作了18个月-我们刚刚建立了我想象中最棒的团队-我们在任务中捐赠的、令人敬畏的办公室空间，由Teespring在世界上最喜欢的创业公司与我们所有的朋友在一起，就像我们生活在梦想中一样-这太棒了。另一方面，一切都是疯狂的。我们刚病了。我们有很多挑战。我们刚刚开始受到信用卡欺诈的打击，牙买加的这些蠢货偷信用卡号码，不付钱给Watty，看他们是否能在一家价值10亿美元的医疗保健公司工作。一家价值10亿美元的医疗公司正在为我们的运营中的商标侵权将我们告上法庭，把这么多的病人送进法庭，这是一个很好的问题。他们只是粉碎了我们的捐赠，就像我们的行动非常可怕一样。这只是恩典。

\[00:24:56\] She just processes everything nothing is automated and
it\'s all breaking so there\'s a ton of challenges at Watsky. But if I
can offer one piece of advice on my 25 minutes of rambling even then I
said I wouldn\'t offer any advice. My one piece of advice would be this
and it\'s find something to work on that you care about more than
yourself.

[00：24：56]她只是处理所有的事情，没有什么是自动的，一切都是自动的，所以在沃茨基有很多挑战。但是如果我能在我25分钟的漫谈中给出一个建议，即使那时我说我不会给你任何建议。我的一个建议就是这个，它会找到一些你比你自己更关心的东西。

\[00:25:16\] And as far as I\'m concerned what\'s he cannot fail. It\'s
actually impossible. And the reason it\'s impossible is that all we ever
have to do is fund one more patient. One more human life. That\'s all we
ever have to do. And if I have to spend the rest of my life trying to
fund that one patient. And even if I die before it happens. My life will
have been a success because I went out trying to do something right.

[00：25：16]就我而言，他不能失败。这实际上是不可能的。这是不可能的，因为我们所要做的就是多付一个耐心。再活一次。这就是我们所要做的一切。如果我要用我的余生来资助那个病人。即使我在事情发生之前就死了。我的生活将是成功的，因为我出去尝试做正确的事情。

\[00:25:46\] I went out trying to do something that mattered more than I
did and I don\'t know. But for me I couldn\'t imagine a better way to go
out than that. Thanks guys. Applause.


[00：25：46]我出去尝试做一些比我做的更重要的事情，我不知道。但对我来说，我想不出比这更好的外出方式了。谢谢，伙计们。掌声。

