**Dan Siroker at Startup School 2013-k4\_3uluQsq4.mp4**

*2013年创业学校的Dan Siroker-K4\3 uluQsq4.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Thank you. I have the privilege of saying this is my sixth
Startup School and the first time as a presenter and today I\'m going to
be sharing with you what I would have wanted to hear of the first five
times while I was sitting in your seat. So I\'m going to start by
telling you my story. The story of my entrepreneurial career starts
while I was in college and I had the opportunity to do research in
machine learning and sentiment classification and what I did was to try
to use that technology to apply to the stock market. And so this is a
article that Stanford magazine published while I was a junior at
Stanford and talks about how they created a computer program that Poris
through newspaper articles gauges how well a company is doing based on
the amount of positive or negative language used to describe it invest
accordingly. So far so good. According to the article. Well here\'s what
was actually going on that year after I graduated focused entirely on
this one startup by myself. I was actually starting this company and
this is the algorithm I used.

[00：00]谢谢。我很荣幸地说，这是我的第六所创业学校，也是我第一次作为演讲者。今天，我将与大家分享我坐在你座位上时想听到的前五次。所以我先告诉你我的故事。我的创业生涯始于我上大学的时候，我有机会对机器学习和情感分类进行研究，我所做的就是尝试将这种技术应用于股票市场。这是我在斯坦福大学三年级时发表的一篇文章，讲述了他们是如何创建一个计算机程序的，Poris是通过报纸的文章来衡量一家公司做得有多好，依据的是用来描述公司投资的积极或消极的语言数量。到目前一切尚好。根据这篇文章。好吧，这是我毕业后的第二年发生的事情，我完全专注于一家创业公司。我实际上是在创办这家公司，这就是我使用的算法。

\[00:01:01\] Did a bunch of research dot dot dot profit. And we didn\'t
quite achieve profit by we I mean me because I was by myself this is a
graph that shows the amount of time between when I first wrote a line of
code for this company and the time we got our first paying customer
laughter for those in the back that\'s not eight months.

[00：01：01]做了一堆研究点利润。我们没有实现利润，我是说我，因为我是一个人，这是一个图表，显示了从我第一次为这家公司写一行代码到我们第一次为后面没有八个月的客户发笑的时间。

\[00:01:25\] That\'s infinity months.

[00：01：25]那是无限月。

\[00:01:28\] So this is a very valuable lesson for me in recognizing the
value in having paying customers. And so I decided to stop working on
sentiment solutions and go to Google and my goal of going to Google was
to try to learn the skills that would make me successful as an
entrepreneur. In particular I wanted to understand what to do in the dot
dot dot. And today I\'m going to share with you what I learned both at
Google and then several other startups. Since. This is my algorithm at
Google basically had opportunity to build some great products. I was one
of the first product managers on Google Chrome and so we built a
product. Google Chrome. A good strategy that Google has for distribution
is to put the word google in front of the products they build and by
doing that you end up getting about 100000 people trying your product
right off the bat. That was very valuable not only because if the
product was any good you would grow much faster and you\'d be
successful. But because of the feedback that those people would provide
as you\'re incrementally improving the product and this is the biggest
lesson I learned was that Google as a product manager is the value of a
feedback loop. This is one critical thing I was missing at sentiment
solutions because I didn\'t have any customers to tell me what they
liked or what they didn\'t like. I didn\'t even try to sell the products
I had no idea what I actually should be building.

[00：01：28]对我来说，这是一个非常宝贵的教训，让我认识到拥有付费客户的价值。所以我决定停止研究情感解决方案，去谷歌，我去谷歌的目的是努力学习那些能让我成为一名企业家的技能。特别是，我想知道在圆点上该做些什么。今天，我将和大家分享我在谷歌和其他几家初创公司学到的东西。从那以后。这是我在谷歌的算法基本上有机会建立一些伟大的产品。我是谷歌Chrome的第一批产品经理之一，所以我们制作了一款产品。谷歌Chrome谷歌有一个很好的分销策略，就是把谷歌这个词放在他们生产的产品前面，这样你就能让大约100000人马上试用你的产品。这是非常有价值的，不仅因为如果产品是好的，你会增长得更快，你就会成功。但是，由于这些人会在你逐步改进产品的过程中提供反馈，这是我学到的最大的教训，谷歌作为产品经理是反馈回路的价值所在。这是我在情感解决方案中错过的一件关键事情，因为我没有任何客户可以告诉我他们喜欢什么或者不喜欢什么。我甚至没有试着去销售我根本不知道该做什么的产品。

\[00:02:43\] While I was at Google. I got lucky enough to be able to
sneak in and see Barack Obama speak in November of 2007.

[00：02：43]我在谷歌的时候。2007年11月，我有幸溜了进来，看到了巴拉克·奥巴马(BarackObama)的讲话。

\[00:02:51\] At the time he was a senator running for president he had
won the Democratic nomination yet and he came to Google and he gave a
talk that described how he wanted to take what we\'re doing at Google
with evidence and science and feedback and data and bring that to the
government. After I saw this talk two weeks later I flew to Chicago and
signed up as a volunteer. And so I want to share with this audience a
few short clips of what Barack Obama said in November 2007 at Google and
what inspired me to quit my job fly to Chicago in the dead of winter and
join his campaign.

[00：02：51]当他还是一名参议员竞选总统时，他还赢得了民主党的提名，他来到谷歌，做了一次演讲，描述了他想如何用证据、科学、反馈和数据来看待我们在谷歌所做的事情，并将其提交给政府。两周后，我看到了这个演讲，然后飞往芝加哥，报名成为一名志愿者。所以我想和大家分享几段关于巴拉克·奥巴马2007年11月在谷歌说过的话，是什么激励了我辞去工作，在严冬飞到芝加哥参加他的竞选活动。

\[00:03:30\] What is the most efficient way to sort of a million 32 bit
integers. Laughter.

[00：03：30]什么是最有效的方法来处理百万32位整数。笑声。

\[00:03:37\] Well I\'m sorry. Maybe not. No no no no no. I think that\'s
not it. I think I think the bubble sort would be the wrong way to go.
I\'m not a big believer in reason and facts and evidence and science and
feedback.

[00：03：37]我很抱歉。也许不是。不，不。我想不是这样的。我认为泡泡的方式是错误的。我不太相信理性、事实、证据、科学和反馈。

\[00:03:56\] Everything that allows you to do what you do. That\'s what
we should be doing in our name. Now I want I want people in technology I
want innovators and engineers and scientists like yourselves I want you
helping us make policy based on facts based on reason. And

[00：03：56]一切允许你做你所做的事。这就是我们应该以我们的名义去做的事情。现在我想要技术上的人，我需要创新者、工程师和科学家，像你们这样的人，我希望你们帮助我们根据理性的事实制定政策。

\[00:04:18\] I think that many of you can help me. So I want you to be
involved. Thank you so much everybody.

[00：04：18]我认为你们中的许多人可以帮助我。所以我想让你参与进来。非常感谢大家。

\[00:04:24\] Well he had me at bubble sort laughter and I decided to fly
to Chicago and sign up as a volunteer. And I was lucky enough to be able
to join a team that was called the new media team. And while I was there
I got it opportunity to run several experiments called A B tests and
those were quite successful so they gave me a job as the Director of
Analytics and in this job my mission was to try to figure out how to use
data to help make better decisions on the campaign.

[00：04：24]嗯，他让我在泡泡式的笑声中，我决定飞到芝加哥，注册成为一名志愿者。我很幸运能够加入一个被称为新媒体团队的团队。当我在那里的时候，我有机会做了几个叫做A，B测试的实验，这些实验非常成功，所以他们给了我一份分析主任的工作，在这份工作中，我的任务是找出如何利用数据来帮助我在竞选中做出更好的决定。

\[00:04:55\] Here\'s a picture of our team. We are part of the new media
analytics team and new media was the phrase The campaign used to
describe everything they didn\'t really understand. So if it wasn\'t TV
or radio you fit in new media. And we had the most monitors per square
inch of any part of the campaign. Here\'s another photo of our team I\'m
there in the middle with my back to the TV. This is during the
Democratic National Convention. Well Bill Clinton is giving the keynote
speech and broader new media team is watching. I\'m busy setting up
anA.B test comparing a picture of Bill Clinton to a picture of Barack
Obama on. This photo I please ask you to ignore all the bad lights.
Laughter.

[00：04：55]这是我们队的照片。我们是新媒体分析团队的一员，而新媒体是这个运动用来描述他们真正不懂的东西的短语。所以，如果不是电视或收音机，你可以加入新媒体。在竞选的任何部分，我们每平方英寸都有最多的监视器。这是我们队的另一张照片，我背对着电视站在中间。这是在民主党全国代表大会期间。比尔·克林顿(BillClinton)正在做主旨演讲，更广泛的新媒体团队正在关注。我正忙着设置一个A.B测试，把比尔·克林顿的照片和巴拉克·奥巴马的照片进行比较。这张照片请你不要理会所有的坏光。笑声。

\[00:05:35\] And so the campaign I learned quite a bit. I learned the
value of a b testing. We used products like Google Web site optimizer
Omniture test and target now Adobe tests and Target and got a ton of
value out of those products. But we were constantly bottlenecked on
requiring developers to be part of the process. And so that pain was the
original inspiration for starting optimizing. It took me a while to come
to that realization. We actually started several other companies before
that and so I got to tell you those stories. After the campaign I came
back to San Francisco. I convinced a good friend of mine Pete Cuman who
is a product manager at Google as well to quit his job and to start a
company with me.

[00：05：35]所以我学到了很多。我学到了b测试的价值。我们使用了GoogleWeb站点优化器、Ombench测试和目标值等产品，现在使用Adobe测试和Target，从这些产品中获得了大量的价值。但在要求开发人员参与这一过程时，我们经常遇到瓶颈。所以疼痛是开始优化的最初灵感。我花了一段时间才意识到这一点。在此之前，我们实际上成立了其他几家公司，所以我要告诉你们这些故事。竞选结束后，我回到了旧金山。我说服了我的一位好朋友皮特·库曼(PeteCuman)，他也是谷歌(Google)的一名产品经理，他辞去了自己的工作，并与我

\[00:06:14\] The first company we started together it was called carrot
sticks and it was an online math game for kids. This made it easy for
kids to learn math in a social way create an avatar field compete with
one another and it was for us an opportunity to try to apply technology
to something we really cared about which was education.

[00：06：14]我们一起创办的第一家公司叫做胡萝卜棒，这是一个为孩子们提供的在线数学游戏。这使得孩子们很容易以一种社交的方式学习数学，创造一个相互竞争的化身领域，对我们来说，这是一个尝试将技术应用到我们真正关心的东西上的机会，那就是教育。

\[00:06:33\] This was a product we really were still very proud of it
still exists out in the world. You can go to care six ICOM and beat up
on a bunch of small kids playing math and it slowly loses money over
time and we learned a valuable lesson in building carrot sticks and this
is the algorithm that describes the time on carrot sticks which was that
we would basically build a product.

[00：06：33]这是一个我们真的很自豪的产品，它仍然存在于世界上。你可以去照顾六个ICOM，和一群玩数学的小孩子打架，然后慢慢地赔钱，我们学到了制作胡萝卜棒的宝贵经验，这个算法描述了胡萝卜棒上的时间，也就是说，我们基本上要制作一个产品。

\[00:06:57\] Sell the product. In this case we were selling it to
parents. Take their feedback and then try to make our company and our
product better. One challenge here was we were selling to several
different constituents of which we were none of we were parents we
weren\'t teachers and we weren\'t kids. And so this made it very
difficult for us to know what to prioritize what to do and what not to
do. And as a startup it\'s really really important to focus on the one
or two things that make you really really valuable and unique so in that
process we learned the value of the feedback loop we could get better
over time but because we didn\'t really build a product for ourselves is
very hard for us to understand how to prioritize. We also had a really
big challenge with distribution. It\'s very difficult to get parents and
teachers to adopt our technology. And if you do you have to do it one at
a time. There\'s no scale there\'s no leverage and distribution. And so
here is a graph of our second venture Musak my second venture carrot
sticks and this is the time between our first line of code and our first
paying customer. So we improved dramatically from infinity to six
months. And in that we also had the opportunity to recognize that even
though we were getting some customers the pace at which we were growing
wasn\'t gonna justify a large impactful company. So we learned a lesson
here which was it now we decided to try to build a product. We wish we
needed Ruesch we had in karats 6. And so that\'s when we started
Spratley. Spreadsheet was the company that we apply to Y Combinator in
winter of 2010.

[00：06：57]出售产品。在这种情况下，我们把它卖给了父母。接受他们的反馈，然后努力使我们的公司和我们的产品更好。我们面临的一个挑战是，我们卖给了几个不同的选民，我们都不是家长，我们不是老师，我们也不是孩子。因此，这使得我们很难知道该做什么和不该做什么。作为一家初创公司，关注一两件让你真正有价值和独特的事情是非常重要的，因此在这个过程中，我们学会了反馈回路的价值，随着时间的推移，我们可以变得更好。但是，因为我们没有真正为自己打造一个产品，所以我们很难理解如何确定优先级。我们在分销方面也面临着很大的挑战。让家长和老师采用我们的技术是非常困难的。如果你这样做了，你必须一次只做一次。没有规模，没有杠杆和分配。这是我们第二次创业的图表Musak，我的第二次冒险，胡萝卜棒，这是我们的第一行代码和我们的第一个付费客户之间的时间。所以我们从无穷大提高到了六个月。在这一点上，我们也有机会认识到，尽管我们得到了一些客户，但我们增长的速度并不能证明一家大而有影响力的公司是正当的。因此，我们在这里学到了一个教训，那就是，现在我们决定尝试制造一种产品。我们希望我们需要用克拉6的鲁斯奇。那就是我们开始斯普拉特利的时候。电子表格是我们在2010年冬天向YCombinator申请的公司。

\[00:08:29\] And I want to share with you the short version of the demo
video or the video we submitted in our Y Combinator application that
describes our experience with distribution and carrot sticks. And then
why we were inspired to start Spratley.

[00：08：29]我想和大家分享我们在Y组合器应用程序中提交的演示视频或视频的简短版本，其中描述了我们在分发和胡萝卜棒方面的经验。然后我们为什么会被激励去启动斯普拉特利。

\[00:08:43\] High and he darn we\'re both former product managers at
Google and studied a bunch of computer science in college. I also worked
a little bit on the Obama campaign and then the presidential transition
doing a startup with people here in some Jusco called cassocks.

[00：08：43]高中时，我们都是谷歌的前产品经理，在大学里学过一堆计算机科学。我还在奥巴马的竞选活动中做了一点工作，然后在Jusco的一些名为Cocks的Jusco公司做了一家创业公司。

\[00:08:57\] So we started working on Keres six about four or five
months ago. And the biggest problem we ran into was distribution so
getting people to use the software and getting people to talk about the
software with their friends. And so we started thinking very hard about
that problem and how we would try to solve it. We came up with an idea
that recalling spread the Strelley is very simply a discount a merchant
can give to a customer if that customer is willing to tell their friends
through Twitter or through Facebook through e-mail about the product
that they\'ve just popped today. Lime and carrot sticks you can buy
Scroope from the critics and if you do that you can get a discount if
you tell your friends.

[00：08：57]所以我们大约四五个月前就开始研究Keres了。我们遇到的最大问题是分发，所以让人们使用软件，让人们和他们的朋友谈论软件。于是我们开始非常认真地思考这个问题，以及我们将如何解决这个问题。我们想出了一个想法，回顾一下Strelley是一个非常简单的折扣，如果顾客愿意通过Twitter或Facebook通过电子邮件告诉他们的朋友他们今天刚刚推出的产品，Strelley就可以给客户打折扣。石灰和胡萝卜棒，你可以从批评者那里买到卷轴，如果你这样做，如果你告诉你的朋友，你可以得到折扣。

\[00:09:30\] So this video I wanted to share with you because I think it
shows a couple things. One is that the human body can only withstand one
presidential campaign. Here I had this image of me after gaining 50
pounds on the campaign from just eating deep dish pizza and drinking
beer every night. So I wanted to share that. And we also had the
opportunity working. It spread. We now wanted to really focus on this
feedback loop and getting distribution for our own product. And so we
built a product spreadsheet that enabled what we just described and it
took us about a month to get our first paying customer. We were also
very critical and very focused on understanding whether or not this
could be a big sustainable business as fast as we could. And so that\'s
part of the mantra of Y Combinator which is to build something people
want and I\'ll show you in a second. The algorithm we use to do that for
Smedley we realized after.

[00：09：30]所以这个视频我想和你们分享，因为我认为它展示了一些东西。一是人体只能承受一场总统竞选。在这张照片中，我每天晚上只吃深盘比萨饼和喝啤酒，在竞选中体重增加了50磅。所以我想和大家分享。我们也有机会工作。它扩散了。我们现在想要真正专注于这个反馈循环，并得到我们自己的产品的分发。因此，我们建立了一个产品电子表格，它启用了我们刚才描述的内容，我们花了大约一个月的时间才得到我们的第一个付费客户。我们也非常挑剔，非常专注于理解这是否能尽快成为一项可持续发展的大企业。这是Y组合器的咒语的一部分，那就是建立人们想要的东西，我马上给你看，我们为Smedley做这件事的算法，后来我们意识到了这一点。

\[00:10:20\] Joining Y Combinator we got. This is the algorithm pretty
straightforward. You get some money and you keep trying to build
something people want you learn to improve constantly improve the
product based off the feedback from trying to sell it and if it\'s no
good if it\'s investing less than insanely great you come up with a
better idea. With spread early. The one insight we got pretty quickly
was that the the fundamental model didn\'t work.

[00：10：20]加入Y组合器。这是一个非常简单的算法。你得到了一些钱，你一直在努力制造人们想要的东西-你学着不断改进产品，从销售中得到反馈；如果它投资少到疯狂的程度，你就会想出一个更好的主意。我们很快就得到了一个洞见，那就是基本模型不起作用了。

\[00:10:43\] The social capital it took for somebody to spam their
friends about a new product or service was almost always more always
worth more than any amount of discount or incentive a business would be
willing to pay to get them to do it. So fundamentally the product
didn\'t work so after a month we started thinking about what are some
other products we wish we would have had. This is a lesson we learned
was friendly boy was easy it\'s friendly because we would have wanted
that and carrot sticks and so we learned that with optimized optimizes
the product. I wish we had in 2008 to make it easy for anybody to doA.B
testing. And so we started optimizing. And I remember the first time I
even had a conversation about optimizing. We actually spoke to a person
I worked with on the Obama campaign Andrew Bleeker. I called them on the
phone while working on Spratley. And I pitched him the idea for
something that would enable his team without technical resources to do a
b testing the same stuff we did back in the Obama campaign. But with a
visual interface one time implementation no technical resources and
ability for them to continue to iterate and get better. Over and over
and over again. And about 20 minutes into the phone call Andrew stopped
me and he said that sounds great. Send me an invoice. He thought this
was a sales call and I responded by saying how much do you think this is
worth. He said oh about a thousand dollars a month sounds right. Which
is way more money than we ever made on carrot sticks and Freddy and so
what we realized we had the time until our first paying customer was one
day. We actually had our first paying customer before we wrote a single
line of code that Tuesday. Thank you. So that weekend I built the first
prototype and that Tuesday at dinner I showed it to Paul Graham and he
looked at it got really excited pointed at this and said this is it.
This is it. This isA.B testing for marketers. Forget that other idea. Do
this. And so we followed his advice and we did this. The first year of
optimizing we grew to a team of four people and an annual run rate of
point one million dollars. We did Y Combinator hired my brother as our
first engineer and we were we had some great press on Tech Crunch top
hacker news a couple times and this entire year we were focused on the
product continually improving the product and it was so much easier to
do that because we were building a product. I would have wanted myself
back in 2008 on the campaign and so we ran a pretty simple algorithm. We
kept trying to sell the product. Me and my co-founder Pete were the main
salespeople we kept selling it over and over again. And then these
conversations potential customers would ask us oh this is cool but can
you do targeting. Can you do analytics integration. Can you do traffic
allocation. Can you do X Y and Z. And we would take that take that as
input and initially we would respond well that we are not doing that
right now but that might be something we do in the future and that
pattern kept continuing until that phrase that response changed from 0
actually. Great question. Here\'s exactly how you do that. And we would
show them in the interface. Oh you want to do targeting here\'s how you
do that and that tight feedback loop of listening closely to price
prospective customers. Knowing ourselves what we would have wanted in
2008 made this much much easier journey than carrots spread or even
sentiment solutions. The next year we grew to a team of ten and an
annual run rate of one point two million dollars but a 9 percent
increase in revenue. And this year was first time we hired a
salesperson. So we had been doing all the selling for the first year and
a half. And one of the things I learned this year which I think is
really valuable as you get bigger and bigger as a company. The most
important thing for me is to focus on hiring. And so we had a pretty
standard algorithm for hiring which was a good interview candidate and
we would ask ourselves is this candidate better than the mean. Are they
better than the average people the average people who already work at
optimizing. And if we strive for this goal we will constantly get better
or at least stay as good as we\'ve been when we first started. And so
this is the algorithm we use we said every candidate we hired but we
would ask ourselves Are they better than the mean and if so we would
hire them. And as we actually got better at hiring we would improve the
process in our startup. We really focused on continuous fruit. We made
not only a feedback loop in the product but a feedback loop in our
hiring machine which was critical because in the next year we actually
grew substantially by the end of the year we were 42 people and an
annual run rate of seven point six million dollars. We also in this year
had a huge opportunity when it comes to press 2008. We had a couple of
stories that were really appealing to reporters. The first was the Obama
campaign and the Mitt Romney campaign were in full swing and we are
lucky enough to have both of them as customers. So the Obama campaign in
2008 came full circle and that was really gratifying and also very
gratifying that the head of the digital team for the Romney campaign
said that the hardest decision he had to make was to use optimized for a
testing knowing the origin story of it coming from the Obama campaign.
So we\'re thrilled about that story which was really helpful early on on
CNN. We got on a bunch of other main mainstream media outlets but then
there\'s another story that was also really appealing to reporters
especially tech reporters and that story was this David versus Goliath
story spoon feed them this idea that we are the davit in this battle
against Adobe the big evil Adobe who had the time had a product called
Omniture Tessanne target which I used a lot in the Obama campaign. This
story was very popular and it actually stoked some fires with Adobe
which is we\'re really proud of. And it also gave us a lot of press and
legitimacy and we had many of the customers who were beaten up and tired
and frustrated with the incumbent move to us as a product and in some
ways their response really validated our existence.

[00：10：43]一个人为了推销新产品或新服务而向朋友发短信所需的社会资本，几乎总是比一家企业愿意支付的任何折扣或奖励都更值钱。因此，从根本上说，这个产品不起作用，所以一个月后，我们开始考虑其他一些我们希望拥有的产品。这是我们学到的一个教训，友好的男孩很容易，这是友好的，因为我们会想要它和胡萝卜棒，所以我们学会了优化产品。我希望我们在2008年能让任何人都容易做A.B测试。所以我们开始优化。我还记得我第一次谈论优化。我们实际上和我在奥巴马竞选活动中共事的一个人谈过了安德鲁·布里克。我在斯普拉特利工作的时候打电话给他们。我向他提出了一个想法，让他的团队在没有技术资源的情况下可以做一个测试，和我们在奥巴马竞选时做的一样。但是有了一个可视化的接口，一次实现，没有技术资源，也没有能力让他们继续迭代，变得更好。一遍又一遍。打完电话大约20分钟，安德鲁拦住了我，他说这听起来很棒。给我寄一张发票。他认为这是一个销售电话，我回答说，你认为这值多少钱。他说，哦，一个月大约一千美元听起来是对的。这比我们用胡萝卜条和弗雷迪赚的钱还多，所以我们意识到我们有时间，直到我们的第一个付费客户有一天。实际上，我们有了第一个付费客户，然后我们在周二编写了一行代码。谢谢。所以那个周末，我制作了第一个原型，在周二的晚宴上，我把它给保罗·格雷厄姆看了看，他非常兴奋地指着这个，说就是这个。就是这个这是营销人员的A.B测试。忘了另一个想法吧。做这个。所以我们听从了他的建议做了这件事。在优化的第一年，我们成长为一个四人的团队，年运转率为一百万美元。我们做了Y Combinator，雇佣了我的兄弟作为我们的第一工程师，我们有几次在TechCrunch顶级黑客新闻上有过很大的压力，而今年我们一直专注于产品的不断改进，这是非常容易的，因为我们正在开发一种产品。我希望自己回到2008年的竞选活动中，所以我们运行了一个非常简单的算法。我们一直在努力推销这个产品。我和我的共同创始人皮特是主要的销售人员，我们一遍又一遍地销售。然后这些对话，潜在的客户会问我们，哦，这很酷，但你可以做目标。你能做分析整合。你能做流量分配吗。你能做X，Y和Z，我们会把它作为输入，一开始我们会很好地回应，我们现在没有这样做，但这可能是我们在未来做的事情，这种模式一直持续到那个短语从0实际上改变。问得好。你就是这样做的。我们会在界面上展示它们。哦，你想在这里进行定位\是你如何做到的，以及密切倾听潜在客户价格的严密反馈回路。了解我们自己在2008年会想要什么，这比胡萝卜传播甚至情感解决方案要容易得多。第二年，我们成长为一个10人的团队，年运营率为120万美元，但收入增长了9%。今年是我们第一次雇佣销售人员。所以，在第一年半的时间里，我们一直在做所有的销售工作。而我今年学到的一件事，我认为这是非常有价值的，因为作为一个公司，你会变得越来越大。对我来说，最重要的是专注于招聘。因此，我们有了一个非常标准的招聘算法，这是一个很好的面试候选人，我们会问自己，这个候选人是否比平均水平好。他们是否比那些已经在优化工作中工作的普通人更好。如果我们为这个目标而奋斗，我们会不断地变得更好，或者至少和我们刚开始的时候一样好。这就是我们使用的算法，我们说，我们雇用的每个候选人，但我们会问自己，他们是否比平均水平更好，如果是，我们会雇用他们。事实上，随着我们在招聘方面做得更好，我们将改进我们的创业流程。我们真的把注意力集中在持续的水果上。我们不仅在产品中建立了反馈环，而且在我们的雇佣机器中建立了反馈环，这是至关重要的，因为在接下来的一年中，我们实际上在年底前实现了实质性的增长，我们只有42人，年运转率为760万美元。我们在今年也有一个巨大的机会，当谈到2008年。我们有几个对记者很有吸引力的故事。第一个是奥巴马的竞选活动，米特罗姆尼的竞选活动正如火如荼地进行，我们很幸运，他们都是我们的客户。所以奥巴马2008年的竞选活动是一个完整的循环，这是令人欣慰的，也是非常令人欣慰的，罗姆尼竞选团队的数字团队负责人说，他必须做出的最艰难的决定是使用优化后的测试，知道它的起源来自奥巴马竞选团队。所以我们对这个故事感到非常兴奋，这在CNN早期是非常有帮助的。我们接触到了许多其他主流媒体，但还有另外一个故事对记者也很有吸引力，特别是科技记者，这个故事是大卫和歌利亚的故事勺子给他们灌输了这样的观点：我们是这场对抗Adobe的战斗中的匕首。Adobe有时间开发了一款名为OmkitTessanne Target的产品，我在奥巴马的竞选中经常用到它。这个故事非常流行，实际上它用Adobe引发了一些火灾，这是我们非常自豪的。这也给我们带来了很多压力和合法性，我们有很多客户被殴打、疲惫和沮丧，因为现任者将我们作为一种产品转移到我们这里，在某些方面，他们的反应确实验证了我们的存在。

\[00:16:22\] And so that brings us to today. So if you take this graph
and you shrink it down and you add a couple more quarters you\'ll get to
where we were this is where we were at the end of the year. We had a
team 42 and this is where we are today.

[00：16：22]这样我们就到了今天。所以，如果你把这张图缩小，再加上几个四分，你就会得到我们的位置，这就是年底的情况。我们有一个42队，这就是我们今天的状态。

\[00:16:37\] With have a team of 130. We\'ve now launched and we have
the product available in 10 different languages. My co-founder and I
actually wrote a book to try to get distribution called A B testing the
most powerful way to turn clicks into customers. And we really continue
to focus on all of the things that made us great from the beginning
constantly trying to improve in this year. We also realize that our
opportunity as entrepreneurs is not just to run the same algorithms
every other startup or every other business runs but to define our own
and in particular one thing we did in 2000 and 2013 that I think is
pretty unique to the process we used to raise our Series A. The process
we use looks something like this we would host a mock board meeting with
potential investors. So we had try it. We actually spent three hours
with each of the partners that we thought were finalists had them spend
time with us have them send time with our management team and really put
them through the paces of exactly what they would be like as board
members for our company. This is a completely different setting than
most entrepreneurs have when they\'re working with an investor which is
over dinner or it\'s a pitch meeting down on Tannahill Road. From this
we realize what we really wanted an investor and in fact we found an
investor. We never thought we would have won it from the beginning
because he wasn\'t technical. He didn\'t have operational experience and
he wasn\'t all of the things we thought we wanted in the board member.
But what he did have was a very very good way of helping us get better
which is in the feedback he gave us in the smart board meeting. He
focused on asking the right questions not prescribing the right answers.
And that really impressed me and my co-founder Pete. And so we asked
Peter Fenton from benchmark to join us on the board and we haven\'t
looked back. We\'ve been very happy with that decision. So this is what
the product is today I\'ll show some quick screenshots today through
this process of continuous improvement in innovation. We\'ve built a
product that allows you to put in any you are rallying to our home page
open up in a visual editor click on any part of that page make a change
to it and then run an experiment to see whether that change improves
your conversion rate. This fundamental model is the same model that now
we\'re applying to other mediums as well and we\'re really excited to
continue to grow Knabe enable every business to use data to make better
decisions. The vision for our product is to enable the world to turn
data into action and we think A B testing is a great first step toward
that. One of the things again that has helped us quite a bit as I said
earlier is having customers who give us great feedback but not only
great feedback but our customers who not only are delighted but our
evangelists for our company. So we have a great sales team and optimize.
But our real sales team in fact in fact our biggest secret to our
success is the sales team of the 5000 happy customers who sing our
praise wherever they go. A word of mouth referral from the director of
marketing of Starbucks is much more valuable than even the best sales
guy at our building. So these are a bunch of algorithms. I just showed
you a bunch of algorithms and some of you are probably computer science
students here and you might be noticing a pattern. This pattern is
something that only recently realized. And this is what I\'m describing
actually as in my mind the universal startup algorithm. This is an
algorithm you can apply to almost any decision you have to make as an
entrepreneur. And it\'s critical for you as a company to get better over
time. And this is what that simple algorithm is. Everything you do get
feedback use that feedback to make you better focus on continuous
improvement. You\'re not going to make the right decisions are not going
to do the right things in the beginning but constantly trying to get
better is the only way you\'re gonna build a lasting company. This is
something that I\'ve seen now from hiring to raising our Series A to
building a product and getting press. This algorithm is fundamental to
all of the greatest companies. They\'ve all focused on continuous
improvement. The second thing I\'ll say about this universal startup
algorithm is that a common mistake many entrepreneurs make and I make
this mistake all the time is they get trapped in something known as the
activity trap. They think their job is to execute the algorithm
constantly execute the algorithm. Your job as an entrepreneur is to
write the algorithm. Great example of this is Tesla. Tesla has decided
that they\'re not going to do the same distribution model that every
other car company in the world. They\'re going to sell cars directly.
They\'re not going to negotiate prices and they\'re going to cut out the
middleman. Elon Musk defined the algorithm he wrote the algorithm for
his company and now that\'s going to be a huge advantage for them as
they continue to grow.

[00：16：37]有一支130人的队伍。我们现在已经推出了这个产品，我们有10种不同的语言。实际上，我和我的联合创始人写了一本书，试图得到一本叫做“A-B测试”的书，它是把点击变成客户的最有力的方法。我们真的继续专注于所有从一开始就让我们变得伟大的事情，在这一年里，我们一直在努力改进。我们也意识到，作为企业家，我们的机会不仅仅是运行相同的算法，每一个其他的创业公司或其他的业务运行，而是定义我们自己的，特别是我们在2000年和2013年所做的一件事，我认为这是我们在提高A系列的过程中非常独特的。我们使用的过程看起来就像这样，我们将与潜在的投资者举行模拟董事会会议。所以我们试过了。我们实际上花了三个小时与每一个合伙人，我们认为是决赛，让他们花时间与我们，让他们发送时间与我们的管理团队，并真正地让他们的步伐，他们将是什么样的，他们会是什么样的董事会成员，我们的公司。这是一个完全不同的环境，当大多数企业家工作时，他们与一个投资者，而这是在晚餐，或这是一个在坦纳希尔路的推销会议。由此我们意识到我们真正想要的是一个投资者，事实上我们找到了一个投资者。我们从未想过我们会从一开始就赢得比赛，因为他不是技术人员。他没有操作经验，他也不是我们认为我们希望成为董事会成员的所有东西。但他所做的是帮助我们变得更好的一种非常好的方式，那就是他在智能董事会会议上给我们的反馈。他专注于提出正确的问题，而不是给出正确的答案。这给我和我的联合创始人皮特留下了深刻的印象。因此，我们请基准的彼得芬顿加入我们的董事会，我们没有回头。我们对这个决定非常满意。所以，这就是今天的产品，通过不断改进创新的过程，我将在今天展示一些快速的屏幕截图。我们已经建立了一个产品，让你可以把任何你聚集到我们的主页，打开在视觉编辑器，点击该网页的任何部分，对其进行更改，然后运行一个实验，看看这个变化是否提高了你的转化率。这个基本模型和我们现在应用于其他媒体的模型是一样的，我们非常兴奋地继续发展Knabe，使每个企业都能够使用数据来做出更好的决策。我们产品的愿景是使世界能够将数据转化为行动，我们认为A、B测试是实现这一目标的第一步。正如我早些时候所说，其中一件事对我们帮助很大，那就是有客户给我们很好的反馈，但不仅仅是很好的反馈，还有我们的客户，他们不仅很高兴，还为我们的公司传道者。所以我们有一个伟大的销售团队和优化。但我们真正的销售团队，事实上，我们成功的最大秘诀是5000名快乐客户的销售团队，他们无论走到哪里，都会为我们喝彩。来自星巴克营销总监的口头推荐信比我们大楼里最优秀的销售人员更有价值。这些是一堆算法。我刚刚给你们展示了一堆算法，你们中的一些人可能是这里的计算机科学专业的学生，你们可能注意到了一种模式。这种模式是直到最近才意识到的。这就是我所描述的，在我心目中通用的启动算法。这是一个算法，你可以应用到几乎任何决定，你必须作为一个企业家。作为一家公司，随着时间的推移，要想变得更好，对你来说是至关重要的。这就是那个简单的算法。你所做的每一件事都会得到反馈，利用这些反馈让你更好地专注于持续改进。你不会做出正确的决定，也不会在一开始就做正确的事情，但不断努力变得更好是你建立一家持久公司的唯一途径。这是我现在看到的，从雇佣到提升我们的A系列，到制造产品和得到媒体。这个算法是所有最伟大的公司的基础。他们都专注于不断改进。关于这个通用的创业算法，我要说的第二件事是，许多企业家经常犯的一个常见错误就是他们陷入了所谓的“活动陷阱”。他们认为他们的工作是不断地执行算法。作为一名企业家，你的工作就是编写算法。特斯拉就是一个很好的例子。特斯拉已经决定，他们不会像世界上其他任何一家汽车公司那样，做同样的分销模式。他们将直接出售汽车。他们不打算谈判价格，他们将取消中间商。埃隆·马斯克(ElonMusk)定义了他为自己的公司编写的算法，随着它们的不断增长，这对它们来说将是一个巨大的优势。

\[00:21:00\] Thank you very much applaud.


[00：21：00]非常感谢你鼓掌。

