**Jack Dorsey at Startup School 2013-wEQawgkCMOU.mp4**

*2013年创业学校的Jack Dorsey-wEQawgkCMOU.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Well this is a huge huge crowd.

[00：00]这可是一大群人。

\[00:00:05\] Well thank you all for having me. Thank you for your time.
I\'m going to do something a little bit different something I\'ve never
really done before which was simply read to you from some books that
have helped me along the way. Help me on your transition. Help me get
started. But also help me through many things and there\'s so many
lessons in these books and please if you get a chance buy them
yourselves and read through the entire thing. But I\'m going to give you
some highlights and some of my experience with the passages the first
book is a book called The Spirit by Robert Henri who was a painter and I
know there\'s a lot of affinity for painters in these parts. This is
about creativity through the lens of an art student. And I\'m going to
read it through my phone because I could not find a bookstore that would
send me a paperback version of this today.

[00：00：05]好吧，谢谢你们邀请我。谢谢您抽时间见我我要做一些有点不同的事情，这是我以前从未真正做过的事情，它只是简单地从一些帮助我的书中读给你听。帮我完成你的过渡。帮我开始吧。但也要帮助我度过许多事情，这些书中有那么多的教训，如果有机会，请自己买下，然后把整本书都读一遍。但是我要给你们一些亮点和我对段落的一些经验，第一本书是罗伯特·亨利写的一本叫做“精神”的书，他是一位画家，我知道这些部分对画家有很大的亲和力。这是关于通过一个艺术学生的镜头的创造力。我要通过我的手机来阅读它，因为我找不到一家书店，它今天会给我寄一本平装本。

\[00:00:58\] So we\'re going to bring up my books. It starts off art
when really understood is a province of every human being. It is simply
a question of doing things anything. Well it is not in outside extra
thing when the artist is alive in any person whatever his kind of work
maybe he becomes an inventive searching daring self expressing creature
it becomes interesting to other people. He disturbs upsets enlightens
and opens ways for better understanding where those who are not artists
are trying to close the book. He opens it.

[00：00：58]所以我们要拿起我的书。当真正被理解为是每个人的领地时，它就开始于艺术。这只是做任何事情的问题。嗯，这不是外在的东西，当艺术家活在任何一个人身上，不管他的作品是什么，也许他会成为一个创造性的、寻找大胆的自我表达的生物，这对其他人来说就变得有趣了。他扰乱、启发和打开了更好地理解那些不是艺术家的人正在试图关闭这本书的方法。他打开了。

\[00:01:43\] He shows there are still more pages possible and I think
that\'s so telling for everything that you all are about to do all the
challenges you\'re about to face. You\'re going to be the ones that open
the book. The world would stagnate without them and the world would be
beautiful with him for he is interesting to himself and he is
interesting to others. He does not have to be a painter or a sculptor to
be an artist. He can work in any medium.

[00：01：43]他展示了还有更多的可能，我认为这说明了你们将要面对的所有挑战。你们将是打开这本书的人。没有它们，世界将停滞不前，世界将与他一起变得美丽，因为他对自己很感兴趣，对其他人来说也很有趣。他不必是画家，也不必是雕刻家才能成为艺术家。他可以在任何媒介中工作。

\[00:02:09\] He simply has to find the gain in the work itself not
outside of one of the biggest lessons that I\'ve learned throughout my
career is how important the work is how important not just the end
product is but the actual craft doing the work inventing within the
work.

[00：02：09]他只需要找到工作本身的收获，而不是我在整个职业生涯中学到的最大的教训之一-工作是多么的重要，不仅仅是最终的产品，还有在工作中发明的工作的实际工艺。

\[00:02:26\] The work of the art student is no light matter. Few have
the courage and stamina to see it through. You have to make up your mind
to be alone. In many ways we like sympathy as humans and we like to be
in company. It is easier than going it alone but alone one gets gets
acquainted with himself grows up and I\'m not stopping with the crowd.
It cost to do this. If you succeed somewhere you may have to pay for it
as well as enjoy it for the rest of your life.

[00：02：26]艺术学生的作品不是光的东西。很少有人有勇气和耐力来度过难关。你必须下定决心独自一人。在许多方面，我们喜欢同情作为人类，我们喜欢在一起。这总比独自一人做容易，但一个人独自一人长大后，我就不会停在人群中了。这样做是需要付出代价的。如果你在某个地方取得了成功，你可能不得不为此付出代价，并在你的余生中享受它。

\[00:03:00\] And that\'s something if you do something meaningful you
are going to have to pay for it in all the work. But at the same time
you will also be able to enjoy it for the rest of your life.

[00：03：00]如果你做了一件有意义的事情，你将不得不在所有的工作中付出代价，但同时你也可以享受你的余生。

\[00:03:10\] We are not here to do what has already been done.

[00：03：10]我们不是来做已经做过的事的。

\[00:03:14\] Everyone in this room feels that we are not here to do what
has already been done. No what the old masters did know how they compose
their pictures but do not fall into the conventions they established
these conventions were right for them and they are wonderful. They made
their language you make yours. They can help you. All the past can help
you. I think in Silicon Valley and especially in technology it\'s so
easy to fall in the footsteps of others to do what they do because you
think it\'s the right because the right way because you think you\'ve
they\'ve had the success and you can copy that success you have to find
your own path. You have to find your own footsteps. An art student must
be a master from the beginning that is he must be the master of such as
he has by being now master of such as he has. There is a promise that he
will be a master in the future and what I mean what he means by this is
purely you have to be a master of your own tools that mastership is not
is not a destination. It is a process and it\'s a constant practice that
gets you there. It is not enough to have thought great things before
doing the work.

[00：03：14]这个房间里的每个人都觉得我们不是来做已经做过的事的。不，古老的大师们知道他们是如何构图的，但不属于他们所建立的惯例，这些惯例对他们来说是对的，而且他们是很棒的。他们把他们的语言变成了你的语言。他们可以帮你。所有的过去都能帮助你。我认为，在硅谷，尤其是在科技领域，你很容易追随别人的脚步去做他们所做的事情，因为你认为这是正确的，因为你认为正确的方式，因为你认为他们已经成功了，你可以复制成功，你必须找到自己的道路。你必须找到自己的足迹。一个艺术系的学生必须从一开始就成为大师，也就是说，他必须成为这样的主人，因为他现在是这样的主人。有一个承诺，他将成为一个大师在未来，我的意思是，他的意思是什么意思，这纯粹是你必须成为一个掌握自己的工具，掌握不是一个目的地。这是一个过程，它是一个不断的练习，让你达到目的。在做这项工作之前想出好事情是不够的。

\[00:04:33\] We have so many ideas but what really matters is the work
to implement those ideas.

[00：04：33]我们有这么多想法，但真正重要的是落实这些想法的工作。

\[00:04:42\] Don\'t worry about the rejections every bit everybody that
is good has gone through it. Don\'t let it matter if your works are not
accepted at once the better or more personal you are the less likely
they are of acceptance. Just remember that the object of painting
pictures is not simply to get them in exhibition it is all very fine to
have your pictures hung but you\'re painting for yourself not for the
jury.

[00：04：42]不要为拒绝而担心-每个善良的人都经历过拒绝。如果你的作品不被立即接受，不要让它变得重要，你越好，越不可能被接受。请记住，绘画的目的不只是为了让他们在展览-把你的画挂起来是很好的，但是你是为自己而画的，而不是为陪审团而画的。

\[00:05:10\] And what\'s meaningful about this passage to me is we work
so hard to get some sort of acceptance in the world to get some sort of
positive feedback and we look at others and it seems so fast their
success it seems like they did it in just a moment. But it takes years
and years and years and patience.

[00：05：10]这篇文章对我有意义的是，我们努力工作以获得世界上的某种认可，得到某种积极的反馈，我们看着其他人，他们的成功看上去如此之快，他们似乎在一瞬间就成功了。但这需要数年的时间和耐心。

\[00:05:32\] Bookmarking interfaces not easy Ms there is a time and
place for all things.

[00：05：32]书签接口-不容易，ms-所有东西都有时间和地点。

\[00:05:39\] The difficulty is to use them only in their proper time and
place.

[00：05：39]困难在于只在适当的时间和地点使用它们。

\[00:05:44\] There is a time and place for all things the difficulty is
to use them only in the proper time and place. With motive you will
become clairvoyant of means.

[00：05：44]凡事都有时间和地点，困难的是只在适当的时间和地点使用它们。有了动机，你就会成为手段上的先见之明。

\[00:05:55\] You will seize and command them without motive.

[00：05：55]你们要毫无动机地抓住他们，指挥他们。

\[00:05:59\] You will warble about this in building a team building
organization building company is one of the greatest lessons you cannot
do anything without a shared and common sense of purpose. If you don\'t
have a motive if you don\'t have purpose that is shared between everyone
you will wonder about you will wobble and you will not do anything of
infinite means you will not do anything that is timeless mastering the
art student of these days is a pioneer just like all of you.

[00：05：59]在建立一个团队建设组织建设公司的过程中，你会对此大吵大闹，这是你在没有共同和共同的目标感的情况下所能做的最大的教训之一。如果你没有动机，如果你没有每个人的共同目标，你会怀疑你会动摇，你不会做任何无穷无尽的事情，你不会做任何永恒的事情，掌握当今的艺术学生就像你们所有人一样是先锋。

\[00:06:37\] The union of today must pioneer beyond the mere matters of
fact I believe the great artists of the future will use fewer words copy
fewer things essays will be shorter in words and longer in meaning. I
love this passage. I believe the great artists of the future will use
fewer words copy fewer things essays will be shorter in words and longer
in meaning we must paint only what is important to us must not respond
to outside demands.

[00：06：37]今天的联合必须超越事实，我相信未来的伟大艺术家将使用更少的文字，复制更少的东西，散文在文字上更短，在意义上更长。我喜欢这篇文章。我相信，未来伟大的艺术家们会用更少的文字抄写更少的东西，文章的文字会越来越短，意味着我们必须画出对我们来说重要的东西，不应对外界的要求作出反应。

\[00:07:11\] You do not know what they want or what we have to give. I
think one of the most important things about what you all of you do is
that you are building what you want to see in the world. You are making
that bet that other people want to see the same thing in the world.
Sometimes you lose but sometimes you win. But the most important thing
is you have a passion to build for yourself because that is what
infectious and that is what brings other people to your cause and to
your team.

[00：07：11]你不知道他们想要什么，也不知道我们要付出什么。我认为你们所有人所做的最重要的事情之一是，你们正在建设你们想要在这个世界上看到的东西。你是在打赌别人想看到世界上同样的事情。有时候你输了，但有时你赢了。但最重要的是，你有一种为自己建立的激情，因为这才是有感染力的东西，也是把其他人带到你的事业和你的团队的原因。

\[00:07:41\] The second book is by a local favorite. His name is Bill
Walsh. He was the coach of the 49ers attempts to score 49ers. He took a
team that was at the very very bottom and he brought them to the top. He
focused entirely on the details. He didn\'t come in and just say you
only to win games. He said you need to tuck in your shirt. You need to
clean your lockers. This is how we answer the phones here. He set a new
standard of performance.

[00：07：41]第二本书是当地人最喜欢的书。他叫比尔·沃尔什。他是49人试图得分49人的教练。他带领了一支位于最底层的球队，他把他们带到了巅峰。他全神贯注于细节。他不是说你只是为了赢得比赛才进来的。他说你需要穿上衬衫。你需要清理你的储物柜。这就是我们在这里接电话的方式。他设定了一个新的性能标准。

\[00:08:10\] One of the hardest transitions anyone has to make and
especially anyone in this room has to make is going from individual
creation to actually leading a team. It\'s something that I certainly
fumbled with along the way. I was not really excited about reading any
leadership books or management books and this was actually the first one
that I ever read and it was given to me by Keith rudeboy when I hired
him as our GMF square and on twenty third employee and one read a few
passages of it from from spoke to.

[00：08：10]任何一个人，尤其是这间屋子里的任何人，最难的转变之一就是从个人创造到实际领导团队。这的确是我一路摸索的事情。我对阅读任何领导力书籍或管理书籍并不感到兴奋，这实际上是我读过的第一本，这是基思·鲁德巴伊(Keith Rudeboy)在我雇他做我们的基因改造食品广场(GMF Square)时给我的，在第23位员工和一位员工读了几段对话后给我的。

\[00:08:42\] So

[00：08：42]

\[00:08:42\] he starts off the book by saying running a football
franchise is not unlike running any other business.

[00：08：42]他一开始就说经营足球专营权和经营任何其他生意没什么区别。

\[00:08:49\] You start first with a structural format and basic
philosophy and then find people who can implement. You start first with
an idea and a philosophy a purpose a mission and then you go and you
find people to help you implement it.

[00：08：49]你首先从结构形式和基本哲学开始，然后找到能够实现的人。你首先从一个想法、一个哲学、一个目标、一个使命开始，然后你去找人帮助你实现它。

\[00:09:07\] The book if you read it and I definitely encourage you to
read this book if you\'re thinking about leading teams or building a
company or leading a team within organization is a series of list series
a list of what to do. Here\'s a list of what not to do.

[00：09：07]如果你读了这本书，我绝对鼓励你读这本书，如果你想领导团队，建立一个公司，或者在组织内领导一个团队，那就是一系列的列表，列出要做的事情。以下是不应该做的事情的清单。

\[00:09:21\] And he starts off by establishing a standard of performance
and Bill\'s standards of performance as us.

[00：09：21]他一开始就像我们一样建立了一个绩效标准和比尔的绩效标准。

\[00:09:29\] First when you establish a standard performance with your
team you start with a comprehensive recognition of reverence for an
identification of the specific actions and attitudes relevant to your
team\'s performance and production. Number two you\'d be clear and clear
in communicating your expectation of high effort and execution of your
skin or performance. Number 3 let all know that you expect them to
possess the highest level of expertise in their area and responsibility.
Number four beyond standards and methodology you teach your beliefs your
values and your philosophy. Number five teach connection and extension.
You don\'t want a group of independent contractors you want people who
feel connected they can actually expand the organization. And number six
meet the expectations and metrics of competence. The demand action and
attitudes from personal. The new reality year of your organization. Now
what\'s important about this is as you start building a team you need to
set expectations around how people need to perform in the company.
People need to act in the company. And these can be very very simple
things but without that you are rudderless. You will react to the
outside and if you react to the outside you\'re getting someone else\'s
roadmap and you\'re building someone else\'s dream instead of your own.

[00：09：29]首先，当你和你的团队建立一个标准的表现时，你首先要全面地认识到对确定与你团队的表现和生产相关的具体行为和态度的崇敬。第二，你应该清楚地表达你对你的皮肤或表现的高度努力和执行的期望。第三，让所有人都知道，你期望他们在他们的领域和责任上拥有最高水平的专业知识。第四，超越标准和方法，你教你的信念，你的价值观和你的哲学。第五，教授连接和扩展。你不想要一群独立的承包商，你想要的人，他们觉得有联系，他们实际上可以扩大组织。第六位达到了对能力的期望和衡量标准。个人的要求、行动和态度。你们组织的新的现实年。现在，重要的是，当你开始建立一个团队时，你需要为人们在公司中的表现设定期望。人们需要在公司采取行动。这些可以是非常简单的事情，但没有这些，你就没有方向盘了。你会对外界做出反应，如果你对外界做出反应，你就会得到别人的路线图，你正在建立别人的梦想，而不是你自己的梦想。

\[00:10:53\] And as you grow your collective Bill goes on to write about
being a leader 12 habit 12 habits of what to be in a leader. And Bill
has a lot of again what to do what not to do and this is the best
example of that number one.

[00：10：53]随着你的成长，你的集体比尔继续写关于成为一个领导者的12个习惯，12个习惯，一个领导者的习惯。比尔又做了很多不该做的事，这是最好的例子。

\[00:11:11\] Be yourself number to be committed to excellence. Number
three be positive.

[00：11]做你自己，致力于卓越。第三，要积极。

\[00:11:20\] Just probably one of the hardest things to do as you start
building a technology. Whereas you start building a company number four
be prepared. Good luck is a product of good planning. It\'s not so much
that people are lucky if they are prepared to recognize Fortunat
situations and act on them immediately when they occur. No5 being detail
oriented in Bill\'s way he came into that orientation though lost every
single season that had no chance of getting to the Super Bowl and he
talked about those small details that no one pays attention to push in
our chairs tuck in our shirt. ACT professional because if you build an
organization that does that you\'ve got an organization that cares about
itself and cares about doing great and setting its own center of
performance and can\'t see raising the bar on that number six be
organized.

[00：11：20]当你开始构建一项技术时，可能是最难做的事情之一。当你开始建立第四家公司的时候，要做好准备。好运是好计划的产物。如果人们能意识到福图纳的处境，并在它们发生时立即采取行动，那就不是那么幸运了。第五名以比尔的方式以细节为导向，虽然他在每一个赛季都失去了进入超级碗的机会，但他还是加入了这个方向，他还谈到了那些没人注意的小细节，没人会把我们的衬衫塞进我们的椅子里。专业点，因为如果你建立一个这样做的组织，你就会有一个关心自己、关心做得很好、并建立自己的绩效中心的组织，而无法看到组织起来提高第六名的水平。

\[00:12:14\] Number seven be accountable number eight Bernie nearsighted
and far sighted nearsighted is very very easy for us to do.

[00：12：14]对我们来说，第七、第八、伯尼近视和远视近视眼是很容易做到的。

\[00:12:26\] Far sighted is not so muchno.9 Be fair number 10. Before
number 11. Be flexible. Believe in yourself.

[00：12：26]远视并不是那么公平。在11号之前。灵活点。相信你自己

\[00:12:41\] And an extraNo.13 be a leader. What that means and what
that means is actually getting up there and showing and not telling.

[00：12：41]第13条是领袖。这意味着什么，实际上是站在那里，展示，而不是说出来。

\[00:12:48\] Then he talks about what not to do. Exhibit patience
paralyzing patience. Number one. Number two engage in delegating massive
delegating. Or conversely engage in too little delegating.

[00：12：48]然后他说什么不该做。表现出耐心麻痹耐心。第一。第二，参与委派大规模的委派。或者相反地，参与太少的委托。

\[00:13:02\] Number three act in a tedious overly cautious manner Number
Four become best buddies with certain employees playing favoritism
number 5 spend excessive amounts of time socializing with superiors or
subordinates Number Six fail to continue hardnosed performance
evaluations of long time or tenured staff members the ones most likely
to go on cruise control or to relax. And this I see in so many startups
is the folks that start early have the least pressure in the company
when they should actually have the most pressure in the company.

[00：13：02]第三幕以一种沉闷、过度谨慎的方式出现，第四位成为最好的伙伴，某些员工偏袒第五位，花费过多的时间与上级或下属交往，而第六位的上司则无法继续长期严格的绩效评估，也无法让最有可能进行巡航控制或放松的终身工作人员继续工作。我在很多初创公司中都看到了这一点：起步早的人在公司里的压力最小，而实际上他们在公司里的压力最大。

\[00:13:39\] Number fail to actively participate in efforts to appraise
and acquire new hires. Number eight trust others to carry out your
fundamental duties fundamental dutiesNo.9 find ways to get out from
under the responsibilities of your position to move accountability from
you yourself to others and the blame game number 10 promote an
organizational environment that is comfortable and lay back in the
misbelief that the workplace should be fun light hearted and free from
appropriate levels of tension and urgency and you want both. You want a
contrast between fine and also having a good amount of tension. One of
the things that he references is General Patton and general patterns
list. During World War 1 he had 5 6 points which was how Joe ran his
army. No one remember that praise is more valuable than blame number to
use every means before and after combat to tell troops what they\'re
going to do and what they have done. This goes back to setting
expectations and making sure everything everyone knows what\'s expected
of them and what to prepare for. Number three. Discipline is based on
pride in the profession of arms on meticulous attention to details and
on mutual respect and confidence.

[00：13：39]没有积极参与评估和获得新员工的努力的人数。第八，相信别人去履行你的基本职责-第九，找到摆脱你职位责任的方法，把责任从你自己转移到他人身上，而第十项指责游戏则促进一种舒适的组织环境，让人们相信工作场所应该是有趣的、轻松的、心满意足的，没有适当程度的紧张和紧迫感，你想两者兼而有之。你想要一个良好的对比，也有一个良好的紧张程度。他提到的一件事是巴顿将军和一般模式清单。在第一次世界大战期间，他得到了56分，这就是乔管理他的军队的方式。没有人记得，赞扬比责备数字更有价值，在战斗前后用各种手段告诉部队他们将要做什么和他们做了什么。这可以追溯到设定期望，并确保每个人都知道对他们的期望和准备。三号。纪律的基础是对武器行业的骄傲，对细节的细致关注，以及相互尊重和信任。

\[00:15:01\] Number four officers must assert themselves by example and
by voice number five general officers must be seen in the front line
during action again. Show don\'t tell number six. There is a tendency
for the chain of command to overload junior officers by excessive
requirements in the way of training and reports.

[00：15：01]第四名军官必须以身作则，第五名军官必须在行动中再次出现在前线。不要告诉第六位。指挥系统有一种倾向，就是在训练和报告方面要求过高，会使初级军官负担过重。

\[00:15:26\] And finally as you continue to build as you succeed there
develops what Bill Walsh calls a disease which is a success disease.

[00：15：26]最后，当你继续成功的时候，就会有比尔·沃尔什所说的疾病，这是一种成功的疾病。

\[00:15:37\] What happens when you really start winning. What happens to
a NAS zation when you start winning when what happens when you start
having minor wins that turn into major ones. He wanted to protect
against us as well. So we created yet another list. No one formally
celebrate and observe the momentous achievement the victory and make
sure that everyone feels ownership of it.

[00：15：37]当你真正开始赢的时候会发生什么。当你开始赢的时候，当你开始有小的胜利时，你会发生什么？他也想保护我们。所以我们又创造了一个列表。没有人正式庆祝和观察这一重大成就-胜利，并确保每个人都感受到对胜利的主人翁感。

\[00:16:00\] No to allow pats on the back for a limited time number
three be apprehensive about applause. Number four develop a plan for
your staff that gets him back into the mode of operation that produce
success in the first place. And number five address specific situations
that need shoring up focus on the mistakes that were made and things
that were not up to snuff in the six US number six. Be demanding. Do not
relax number 7. Don\'t fall prey to overconfidence so that you can feel
you can check you can or should make change for the sake of change.

[00：16：00]不允许在有限的时间内拍拍背部，第三，担心掌声。第四，为你的员工制定一个计划，让他回到最初就能获得成功的运营模式。第五，解决需要加强的具体情况，重点放在美国第六名中所犯的错误和不合格的事情上。要求很高。不要放松7号。不要因为过度自信而成为牺牲品，这样你就能感觉到你可以或应该为了改变而做出改变。

\[00:16:44\] Number eight. Use the time immediately following success as
an opportunity to make hard decisions. This one stuck with me the most.
There is never a better time to do the hard things when things are going
extremely well and I can be as an individual that can be as a team as
well. never fall prey to the belief that getting to the top makes
everything easy.

[00：16：44]8号。利用成功后的时间作为一个机会，做出艰难的决定。这个人最缠着我了。当事情进展得非常顺利的时候，再没有比这更好的时间去做那些艰难的事情了，而我也可以作为一个个体，作为一个团队。永远不要被这样一种信念所困扰，那就是登上顶峰会让一切变得容易。

\[00:17:09\] It doesn\'t. It makes it harder. And number 10 recognize
that mastery is a process not a destination. So that\'s what Bill Walsh
had to say. The book is the score takes care of itself.

[00：17：09]它没有。它使它变得更难。第十位认识到掌握是一个过程，而不是一个目的地。所以比尔·沃尔什不得不这么说。这本书是由分数自己决定的。

\[00:17:23\] A fantastic fantastic tome of lists and everything that
he\'s learned in managing some very very hard and ego driven people
football players through a the most losing team in the world to winning
four Super Bowls in a row. Amazing amazing turnaround that he did by
building a team and focusing on those details.

[00：17：23]一本精彩的清单，以及他在管理一些非常艰难和自负的人的过程中学到的一切-通过世界上输得最多的球队，足球员连续赢了四次超级碗。他组建了一支球队，专注于这些细节，令人惊叹的转变。

\[00:17:46\] Bill inspired me to create a number of lists of my own and
I wanted to share a tool that I use on a daily basis. It has been most
fundamental in my own growth and my own establishment of Praksis so
it\'s this participatory I\'d ask you to bring out your phone right now
or your computer and bring something out that you\'re going to view on a
daily basis. I made Dark on my iPhone. I have notes and notes is
something that I check every single day. I have a note for every single
person that I encounter in the company of a notebook for every single
thing that I\'m that I\'m doing every person that I talk with in the
company such as Sarah Frier or CFO at Square has one specific note in my
notepad and any time I need to talk to her about something I write it
down and then whenever I hear it go through my entire list. Very very
simple memory device but what I want to talk to you about today is a
note which I called daily. So if you create a new note in your notepad
or something that you check on a daily basis this is the most important
thing.

[00：17：46]比尔激励我创建了许多我自己的清单，我想分享我每天使用的工具。这是我自己成长过程中最基本的因素，也是我自己建立Praksis的基础，所以我要求你现在就拿出你的手机或者你的电脑，然后把你每天都要看到的东西拿出来。我用我的iPhone制造了黑暗。我有笔记，笔记是我每天都要检查的东西。我为我在笔记本公司遇到的每一个人写了一张便条，我正在做的每一件事，每个在公司里和我交谈的人，比如莎拉·弗里尔(Sarah Frier)或在Square的首席财务官，在我的记事本上都有一个特定的笔记，每当我需要和她谈论一些事情时，我就会把它写下来，然后每当我听到它的时候，我就会把整张单子非常简单的内存设备，但是我今天想跟大家讲的是我每天都会打电话给你们的一张便条。所以，如果你在你的记事本上创建一个新的笔记，或者你每天检查的东西，这是最重要的事情。

\[00:18:55\] Name a daily and then write the word do column and then go
down a few lines and write the word don\'t column.

[00：18：55]每天指定一个名字，然后写单词do列，然后向下写几行，然后写单词don\‘t列。

\[00:19:09\] The one thing I\'d ask you to do walking out of this is to
every single day just for a week. Wake up to this note. Check it
throughout the day. And then also before you fall asleep check to make
sure that you do it and you don\'t do everything. So what you put in
each one of these is you have a list of everything that you want to do
every single day. And you have a list of things that you don\'t want to
do and the easiest way to add to the don\'ts is to notice something that
you never want to do it again. You never want to do again and you just
add to it very very simple. I\'m just going to share some of mine. This
might be a little bit personal and embarrassing but here we are no one
on my do list is to stay present. It\'s so easy to get trapped in the
past. It\'s so easy to think about the future. The most important thing
is a stay present and just reading this brings me back to the present
brings me back to this moment. Number two for me is he vulnerable show
people my mistakes show people my fears because they can relate because
they\'re going through similar things. Number three drink only lemon
water and red wine.

[00：19：09]我要你做的一件事就是离开这里，每天只呆一周。醒醒这张纸条。一整天都要检查。然后，在你入睡之前，检查一下，确保你做到了，而且你没有做任何事情。所以你把每一个都放进去，你有一张清单，列出你每天想要做的每一件事。你有一个清单列出了你不想做的事情，而最简单的方法就是注意到一些你再也不想做的事情。你再也不想再做了，你只是简单地补充了一下。我只想分享我的一些。这可能有点私人和尴尬，但在这里，我们是没有人在我的工作清单上是留在这里。陷入过去是如此的容易。想到未来是如此的容易。最重要的是一份停留的礼物，只要读一读，我就会回到现在，让我回想起这一刻。对我来说，第二个问题是，他易受伤害，向人们展示我的错误，告诉人们我的恐惧，因为他们能够联系起来，因为他们正在经历类似的事情。第三，只喝柠檬水和红酒。

\[00:20:26\] Laughter.

[00：20：26]笑声。

\[00:20:31\] Great red wine is a great modifier for it. I\'m disco\'s
with one of my don\'t which is don\'t drink hard liquor or beer on
weekdays. Number three is six sets of 20 squats and pushups throughout
the day. I just have to do them everyday. Six sets of 30 second planks
run for three miles.

[00：20：31]大红酒是一种很好的改良剂。我是迪斯科舞厅，和我的一个不喝烈酒或啤酒的迪斯科舞厅。第三个是每天六套20块的蹲和俯卧撑。我每天都要做。六套30秒的木板跑了三英里。

\[00:20:59\] Meditate on this list. Stand up straight. Which whenever I
say OAC posher moving in the honest say hello to everyone. I just got a
heavy bag some training with a heavy bag so I want to spend ten minutes
with a heavy baby everyday I only do a video journal every single day
and I want to get seven hours of sleep. I make don\'t list. And again
this is one of the hardest things in a lot of these are personal so I\'m
not going to read all of them. Well my dentist is don\'t avoid eye
contact. Don\'t be late. Don\'t set expectations for someone and not
meet them. Don\'t eat sugar. I\'m on the paleo diet so don\'t eat wheat
lentils or dairy and then of course don\'t drink hard liquor or beer
although he does.

[00：20：59]冥想在这个名单上。站直了。每当我说OAC警察搬进来的时候，诚实地向每个人问好。我刚刚得到了一个沉重的包，一些训练用一个沉重的袋子，所以我想花十分钟与一个沉重的婴儿每天，我只做一个视频日志，每天，我想得到7个小时的睡眠。我不列清单。再说一遍，这是其中最难的事情之一，在很多这些都是个人的，所以我不打算全部阅读。我的牙医不回避眼神交流。不要迟到。不要为某人设定期望而不满足他们。不要吃糖。我的饮食习惯是传统的，所以不要吃小麦、扁豆或乳制品，当然也不要喝烈性酒或啤酒，尽管他是这样做的。

\[00:21:53\] So this list well sounds very very simple has been
fundamental in establishing patterns for myself.

[00：21：53]这个清单听起来很简单，是为我自己建立模式的基础。

\[00:22:00\] And it\'s something that I do check every single morning I
check throughout the day and I check right before I go to bed and I make
sure that I check everything off and go through it. I\'ve given it to
our companies. I\'ve given it to a number of students that I\'ve talked
to as we\'ve gone to schools and recruiting and people come back to me
and say that this is something that works for me. It\'s something
that\'s easy to do and something easy to remember. What are the most
fundamental things about it that I\'ve learned that I\'ve taken away
from it is how it gives you focus. I\'ll give you something that allows
you to really ignore everything else that\'s going on. All the other
noise too late to focus on what\'s most important. So this do and don\'t
list for people and individuals that the company has translated to do
and don\'t list for our company. For a square we have to do and list. We
have these are the things that we\'re going to do. These are the core
things. These are bold bets and these are the things we\'re saying no to
4 right now has been fundamental in allowing us to move fast to kidney
Tinnu to innovate and to really push the boundaries and continue that
question and reset everything that we think about the organization. So
normally I talk about entrepreneurship and I talk about founding a team
and they talk about design and product. I don\'t do any of that today I
just wanted to share some of the books that have kept me going the books
that I\'ve learned so much from read so much from. And I didn\'t want to
leave China on a sour note of just giving you a list of 10 or 12 things
from a from a football coach I want to share and listen with you. What
we end up doing when everything goes right where do we move from
creation. Individual creation. And we find something that resonates with
other people and we organize a team to build something together. What\'s
the end product. It\'s something that delight people. It\'s something
that they want to listen to again and it\'s something that they can\'t
help but engage in. They can\'t help but tap their feet to say I\'m
going to leave you with one of my favorite songs. I mean have you heard
the song recognize it at all.

[00：22：00]这是我每天早上都要检查的东西，我每天都要检查一天，然后在睡觉前检查一下，我确保检查所有的东西，然后检查一下。我已经把它给了我们的公司。我已经把它给了很多学生，在我们去学校和招生的时候，我和他们谈过了，人们回来告诉我，这是对我有用的东西。这是一件容易做和容易记住的事情。我从中学到的最基本的东西是如何让你集中注意力。我会给你一些能让你真正忽略其他事情的东西。其他的噪音太晚了，无法集中注意最重要的是什么。因此，这是做和不列出的人和个人，公司已经翻译做了，而不是我们公司的名单。为了一个正方形，我们必须做和列出。我们要做的就是这些。这些是核心。这些都是大胆的下注，这些都是我们现在对4说不的话，这些都是让我们快速走向肾脏，让Tinnu进行创新，真正突破界限，继续这个问题，重新设置我们对这个组织的所有想法的基础。所以通常我讲的是创业精神，我说的是建立一个团队，他们谈论的是设计和产品。我今天什么也不做，我只是想分享一些书，这些书让我继续读那些我从阅读中学到了很多的书。我不想离开中国，只想给你一个10或12件足球教练的清单，我想和你分享和倾听。当一切顺利的时候，我们最终所做的是从创造中走到哪里。个体创造。我们找到了一些与其他人产生共鸣的东西，我们组织了一个团队，一起建立一些东西。最终产品是什么？这是一件让人高兴的事情。这是他们想再听一遍的事情，也是他们无法帮助去参与的事情。他们情不自禁地轻拍着脚说：“我要给你留下一首我最喜欢的歌。”我是说你听过这首歌认得它吗。

\[00:24:20\] No.

[00：24：20]不。

\[00:24:21\] OK. This will be excellent. This is a very very simple but
lively song and I find myself listening to it nonstop. But what it
reminds me of is just how simple creation can be but also how complex it
can be.

[00：24：21]好的。这会很棒的。这是一首非常简单但生动的歌曲，我发现自己一直在听。但它让我想起的是，创造是多么简单，也是多么复杂。

\[00:24:35\] How how strong you have to be to get to something this deep
to get to something this is central to get to something that actually
strikes a chord with so many people and potentially strikes a chord with
everyone on the planet. That is why we\'re all here in this room. We
want to build something we want to create something that resonates with
every single person on the planet. Music does that in a very easy way
but it\'s very very hard to get to.

[00：24：35]你需要有多强才能达到如此深的程度才能达到某种目的-这是达到真正能打动那么多人的和弦，并与地球上的每一个人产生共鸣的关键所在。这就是为什么我们都在这间屋子里。我们想要建造一些我们想要创造的东西，让地球上的每一个人都产生共鸣。音乐以一种非常简单的方式做到这一点，但很难做到。

\[00:25:01\] So I like to play for you this play this for you and just
listen for a minute.

[00：25：01]所以我喜欢为你演奏这个剧本，给你听一会儿。

\[00:27:41\] So it goes really well with red wine grape and wine so if
you take away anything from this day it\'s that you are the future you
are the ones that have the ideas in your head you are the only ones that
can actually build it for yourself and that is your task. You are
building what you want to see in the world. You are making a bet with
the world that resonates with other people. Sometimes you\'re going to
win the bet sometimes you\'re gonna lose the bet. You put that lot on
the shelf and you bring it back another day.

[00：27：41]所以红葡萄酒、葡萄和葡萄酒真的很好，所以如果你从今天起拿走了任何东西，那就是你是未来，你是那些在你脑子里有想法的人，你是唯一真正能为你自己打造它的人，这是你的任务。你在建造你想在这个世界上看到的东西。你在和世界打赌，这会引起别人的共鸣。有时你会赢，有时你会输。你把那批货放在架子上，改天再拿回来。

\[00:28:19\] But it is up to you to make that interpretation to make
that creation and to paint what you want to see in the world. Thank you
very much for your time for your time and great luck in all of your
work.

[00：28：19]但要由你们自己来解释，去创造，并画出你们想在这个世界上看到的东西。非常感谢您的时间和好运，您的所有工作。

\[00:28:30\] Thank you.


[00：28：30]谢谢。

