**Nate Blecharczyk at Startup School 2013-Ya0I6oz7q9U.mp4**

*2013年创业学校Nate Blecharczyk-Ya0I6oz7q9U.mp4*



\[00:00:00\] Wow. There are a lot of you.

https://tmt.ap-beijing.tencentcloudapi.com/?Action=TextTranslate&Nonce=1234&ProjectId=1257710951&Region=ap-beijing&SecretId=AKIDPqCXo8hXckompwwu7EB4sWzTvJXboBh2&Source=en&SourceText=%5C%5B00%3A00%3A00%5C%5D+Wow.+There+are+a+lot+of+you.&Target=zh&Timestamp=1538793836&Version=2018-03-21&Signature=qRaezH8OSgeCqDH2Fw0QEgKkcR8=

\[00:00:02\] It\'s awesome to see you know I got some e-mails over the
last 24 hours people saying how excited they were to come to this talk.
I want you know I\'m humbled by that. And also a little intimidated I
hope this is get so I wanted to start by showing you how crazy success
can be. Through some charts and numbers and then it maybe painted a
little bit more realistic picture. For what. For what it takes.

[00：00：02]看到你知道我在过去24小时里收到了一些电子邮件，人们说他们来参加这个演讲是多么的兴奋，真是太棒了。我想让你知道我很谦卑。还有一点害怕，我希望这是得到，所以我想首先向你们展示多么疯狂的成功。通过一些图表和数字，然后它可能会画一些更真实的图片。为了什么。为它付出的代价。

\[00:00:36\] Where do you get the point this thing.

https://tmt.ap-beijing.tencentcloudapi.com/?Action=TextTranslate&Nonce=1234&ProjectId=1257710951&Region=ap-beijing&SecretId=AKIDPqCXo8hXckompwwu7EB4sWzTvJXboBh2&Source=en&SourceText=%5C%5B00%3A00%3A36%5C%5D+Where+do+you+get+the+point+this+thing.&Target=zh&Timestamp=1538793836&Version=2018-03-21&Signature=/TObuxX01j/t4Dapf46xpKiMDco=

\[00:00:44\] You know that went up into the right. Yes. Laughter.

[00：00：44]你知道那是向右转的。是笑声。

\[00:00:52\] All right. Here\'s what we all hope right. You want your
company and in the first year you see hockey stick growth. And for us
this is number of guests to book through through Airbnb in be now
cumulatively and pay attention to the numbers on the y axis. As I
flipped through this so hopefully you two comes along and you keep
growing stale hockey stick growth.

[00：00：52]好的。这是我们所有人都希望得到的。你想要你的公司，在第一年你就能看到曲棍球棒的增长。对我们来说，这是通过Airbnb预订的客人数量，现在累积起来，注意y轴上的数字。当我翻阅这篇文章时，希望你们俩能一起来，你们继续增长陈旧的曲棍球棒。

\[00:01:18\] Then year 3 year for if you\'re really lucky and you\'re
five you still have that hockey stick.

https://tmt.ap-beijing.tencentcloudapi.com/?Action=TextTranslate&Nonce=1234&ProjectId=1257710951&Region=ap-beijing&SecretId=AKIDPqCXo8hXckompwwu7EB4sWzTvJXboBh2&Source=en&SourceText=%5C%5B00%3A01%3A18%5C%5D+Then+year+3+year+for+if+you%5C%27re+really+lucky+and+you%5C%27re+five+you+still+have+that+hockey+stick.&Target=zh&Timestamp=1538793836&Version=2018-03-21&Signature=eOH1rnX6e5Y9HBsiOg9YZKOzaVc=

\[00:01:31\] Now what happens when you append five hockey sticks
together. What does that look like.

[00：01：31]现在，当你把五根曲棍球棍加在一起时会发生什么。那是什么样子的。

\[00:01:38\] That\'s a really big hockey stick.

[00：01：38]那是一根很大的曲棍球棍。

\[00:01:41\] And so it took four years to service our first four million
guests but in the last nine months alone we\'ve done another five
million.

[00：01：41]所以我们花了四年的时间来服务我们最初的400万客人，但仅在过去的九个月里，我们就又做了五百万。

\[00:01:52\] And Brian was fortunate enough to come to Startup School
back in 2010 so three years ago. Fun fact you know back then it seemed
like we were a pretty big deal. But since then we\'ve grown 73 acts.
That\'s just like mind bending right. Like. You just lose track of what
that means. And on any given night we have 150000 people around the
world staying on our accommodations so this makes it look easy right.
It\'s not of course if you are successful it will be the hardest thing
you ever do think about it in terms of like the Olympics or something.
If you\'re going to go compete in the Olympics for gold what would that
take. What kind of training would you have. You\'d probably start pretty
young and you\'d work up toward that right and you might go to the
Olympics multiple times before you actually succeed. And I really think
that\'s similar to the startup journey. I don\'t want to tell you a
little bit about our journey.

[00：01：52]布莱恩很幸运地回到了2010年的创业学校，三年前。有趣的事实，你知道的，那时候我们好像是个大人物。但从那以后，我们已经长大了73名演员。这就像精神错乱一样。喜欢你就不知道那是什么意思了。在任何特定的夜晚，我们在世界各地都有150000人住在我们的住所里，所以这看起来很容易。当然，如果你成功了，这将是你想过的最难的事情，就像奥运会之类的。如果你要去参加奥运会争夺金牌，那需要什么呢？你会接受什么样的训练。你可能会从很年轻的时候开始，你会朝着那个方向努力，在你成功之前，你可能会多次参加奥运会。我真的认为这和创业之旅很相似。我不想告诉你我们的旅程。

\[00:02:59\] So I got started at a pretty young age. I was twelve when I
was 12.

[00：02：59]所以我在很小的时候就开始了。我12岁的时候才12岁。

\[00:03:05\] One day I was home sick from school and I picked up a book
on my dad\'s bookshelf. He was the electrical engineer and computer
enthusiast. So he just happened to have a book. I picked it up I started
reading it. I got into programming taught myself how to program started
publishing my work on the Internet at the age of 14. Someone saw what I
was doing and called me up. And said hey I saw your work I\'ll pay you a
thousand dollars if you write me this program. So go tell my dad and I
said Dad. Someone on the Internet was paying me a thousand dollars is
like son.

[00：03：05]有一天，我放学回家，在爸爸的书架上拿起一本书。他是电气工程师和计算机爱好者。所以他刚好有一本书。我捡起来了我开始读了。我开始编程，自学如何编程，14岁就开始在互联网上发表我的作品。有人看到我在做什么就打电话给我。说：“嘿，我看到你的作品了，如果你给我写这个程序，我就付给你一千美元。”所以去告诉我爸爸我说爸爸。网上有人给我一千块钱就像儿子。

\[00:03:36\] No one\'s going to pay you a thousand dollars on the
Internet laughter laughter whatever debt I\'m going to do this for fun
anyway as I write this program my 30 days.

[00：03：36]没有人会在互联网上给你一千美元，笑

\[00:03:44\] And the guy actually pays me. And this is the beginning of
a business that I run throughout high school I make enough money to pay
my tuition or go to college. But more importantly it built confidence in
me and you need that confidence. I mean this is going to be a long
journey. You\'re not always going to be successful you\'re going to fail
more times and you succeed. And somewhere you need to get that
confidence so you persevere. And for me I was fortunate enough to have
that at a very young age. So I go to school and perhaps surprisingly
coming out of school. I get a corporate job. And well I found myself not
learning very much. I wasn\'t satisfied by the pace. And after seven
months I quit. When I got to quit. And bosses oh you can\'t leave us.
You\'re our most productive engineer. Which I chuckled to myself because
half the time I\'d been trading stocks anyways. So I took this as a sign
like this is a place that I wasn\'t learning. And on this journey every
experience should be additive it should be it should be building up to
that moment right when you go to the Olympics. And I found myself not
not not being challenged there and I had to move on. And so I headed out
west and joined Estada and there I learned everything not to do which is
actually really valuable. As soon as I joined the two lead engineers
quit. I should have taken that as a warning sign but nonetheless it was
a good experience I helped take a vision distill it to a product spec
hire a team builder product in nine months. I learned a lot of things.
It was challenging. I worked really hard it didn\'t end the way I had
hoped. But along the way I learned a ton of stuff. And I think back and
there\'s a lot of things that I\'ve done hobbies projects favors stuff
like that. A lot of them I lost interest then maybe they weren\'t
successful. But thinking about it now. Every one of those experiences
helped me to be successful now. Every one of those experience
experiences that prepared me for Air B and B. And I encourage you to
think about your experiences that way. So when I moved out to the west
coast I needed a place to live and so naturally I went to Craigslist and
there I met Joe and moved in to Russia. We were roommates just by chance
in Russia. It is also where we ran the company out for a couple of years
and living with Joe and noticed a couple things about him. First we were
both up late into the night working on our projects would work a long
day at work and then we stay up even later working on different side
projects and even on the weekend. And it\'s rare that you find people
with that kind of work ethic. That\'s something really special. The
worst thing is to have a partner that doesn\'t work as hard as you. So I
noticed that about Joe. I also noticed that Joe could do a lot of things
I couldn\'t do. He was a designer and he was making beautiful physical
products. He had just an immense mind for creativity and we started
helping each other out. And like wow we get really complementary skills
and so we kind of filed that away. Meanwhile Joe knew Brian from back at
the Rhode Island School of Design. They had been classmates at
graduation. Joe had told Brian someday I think were going to start a
company together. I\'m not sure if Brian took that seriously at the
time. But fast forward and the three of us decided we should start a
company together that with our skill sets we could take on anything and
I can\'t stress this enough choosing your partners has got to be maybe
the most important decision you\'ll ever make whether you know
personally and in love or otherwise in business. You can change your
desire you can pivot your company you can\'t change your partners
without starting over. And so I see so many people rushing into these
relationships. I mean you should really give that a lot of thought this
is something that hopefully will last years. So the question was What
are we going to do at this point. This is like January 2008. And so Joan
Bryan. Tell me about something that happened a couple months ago in
October 2007. They had decided to quit their jobs to become
entrepreneurs also known as unemployed. And at the same time the rent on
the apartment was raised. I decided to move out and they didn\'t have
enough money now to pay rent so they had a math problem. Well they\'re
both designers and they just so happened that there was going to be an
international design conference in San Francisco the following weekend
and that on their home page for this conference they saw that all the
hotels were sold out. So they thought to themselves why don\'t we rent
out that vacant room. Two designers need a place to stay.

[00：03：44]那家伙真的付钱给我。这是我在高中期间经营的一项事业的开始，我挣了足够的钱支付学费或上大学。但更重要的是，它建立了我的信心，你需要这种信心。我是说这将是一段漫长的旅程。你不会总是成功的，你会失败更多次，你也会成功。在某个地方，你需要获得这种信心，所以你要坚持下去。对我来说，我很幸运，在我很小的时候就有这样的经历。所以我去上学，也许出奇地从学校出来。我得到了一份公司的工作。我发现自己学得不多。我对速度不满意。七个月后我就辞职了。当我不得不辞职的时候。老板们，你们不能离开我们。你是我们最有效率的工程师。我自言自语，因为有一半时间我一直在交易股票。所以我把这当作一个标志，好像这是一个我没有学习的地方。在这个旅程中，每一次体验都应该是附加的，它应该建立到你去参加奥运会的那一刻。我发现自己并没有在那里受到挑战，所以我不得不继续前进。于是我向西走，加入了埃斯特达，在那里我学到了一切不该做的事情，这实际上是很有价值的。我一加入两名首席工程师就辞职了。我本应该把它当作警告信号，但尽管如此，这还是一次很好的经历，我帮助将它提取到产品规范中，在9个月内雇佣了一个团队建设者产品。我学到了很多东西。很有挑战性。我工作很努力，但这并没有像我所希望的那样结束。但一路上我学到了很多东西。我回想起来，我做过很多事情，爱好，项目，喜欢这样的东西。我对他们中的很多人失去了兴趣，也许他们并不成功。但现在想想吧。所有这些经历都帮助我现在成功了。这些经验中的每一个都让我为B和B航空做好了准备，我鼓励你们以这种方式思考自己的经历。所以当我搬到西海岸时，我需要一个居住的地方，所以我自然地去了Craigslist，在那里我遇到了Joe，搬到了俄罗斯。我们在俄罗斯只是偶然成为室友。这也是我们经营公司几年的地方，我们和乔住在一起，注意到了一些关于他的事情。首先，我们都熬夜到深夜，做我们的项目会在工作上工作一整天，然后我们会熬夜，甚至在不同的项目上工作，甚至在周末。你很少会发现有这种职业道德的人。那是很特别的东西。最糟糕的是有一个没有你那么努力的伴侣。所以我注意到了乔的事。我还注意到乔可以做很多我不能做的事情。他是一名设计师，他正在制作漂亮的物理产品。他有很强的创造力，我们开始互相帮助。就像哇，我们获得了真正的互补技能，所以我们把它整理好了。与此同时，乔在罗德岛设计学院认识布莱恩。毕业时他们是同学。乔告诉布莱恩，总有一天我想一起创办一家公司。我不确定布赖恩当时是否认真对待这件事。但快进，我们三个人决定，我们应该一起创办一家公司，用我们的技能，我们可以承担任何事情，我不能强调这一点，选择你的伴侣可能是你会做出的最重要的决定，不管你是个人还是在恋爱中，还是在商业中。你可以改变你的愿望，你可以转向你的公司，你不能在不重新开始的情况下改变你的合作伙伴。所以我看到很多人都在忙着建立这种关系。我是说，你真的应该好好想想，这是一件有希望持续几年的事情。所以现在的问题是我们要做什么。这就像2008年1月。所以琼·布莱恩。告诉我几个月前2007年10月发生的事情。他们决定辞去工作，成为企业家，也就是所谓的失业者。与此同时，公寓的租金也提高了。我决定搬出去，他们现在没有足够的钱付房租，所以他们有一道数学题。嗯，他们都是设计师，只是碰巧下个周末将在旧金山举行一次国际设计会议，在他们的主页上，他们看到所有的酒店都卖光了。所以他们心里想，为什么我们不把那间空房租出去呢。两个设计师需要一个地方住。

\[00:08:40\] But that room had no furniture. So well Joe had some air
beds though. So instead of calling it a bed and breakfast they called it
their bed and breakfast right.

[00：08：40]但是那个房间没有家具。乔有几张气垫床。所以他们不再称它为床和早餐，而是称它为他们的床和早餐。

\[00:08:55\] And they put up a simple wordpress blog and emailed a few
designers bloggers and wrote about it and within 24 hours three
designers wrote to them and said they wanted to stay. There was a 35
year old woman from Boston a father of four from Utah and a man from
India. Not what they\'re expecting. Never expecting guys like themselves
who wanted to crash and here they had three very different people who
wanted to stay but they had a great experience that weekend. Not only
did they have a place to stay and make a thousand dollars but they all
went to the conference together and had a great time. So much so that
the women from Boston ended up moving to San Francisco six months later.
And the man from India invited Joe Biden to his wedding a couple years
later. So like real relationships laughter. Formed laughter out of this
just. This one weekend project. And when we talked and thought about
this Mike that\'s powerful something happened here. Maybe we can do this
for other events other people and so that\'s what we talked about and
that\'s what they were sort of pitching me on.

[00：08：55]他们建立了一个简单的WordPress博客，给一些设计师发了邮件并写了这篇文章，在24小时内，有三个设计师写信给他们，说他们想留下。有一位来自波士顿的35岁妇女，一位来自犹他州的四个孩子的父亲和一位来自印度的男子。不是他们期望的那样。从来没有想过像他们这样想要崩溃的人，在这里，他们有三个完全不同的人，他们想留下来，但他们有一个很好的经验，那个周末。他们不仅有地方住，赚了一千美元，而且他们都一起去参加了会议，玩得很开心。六个月后，波士顿的女人们最终搬到了旧金山。几年后，印度人邀请乔·拜登参加他的婚礼。就像真正的感情笑声。由此形成了笑声。一个周末的项目。当我们谈论和思考这件事时，麦克，这是很有力量的事情，这里发生了一些事情。也许我们可以为其他的活动，其他的人这样做，所以这就是我们所说的，这就是他们在向我推销的东西。

\[00:10:09\] I was a little hesitant. So as the engineer amongst us
they\'re both designers I was very cautious knowing that yes these
projects they can kind of go on and on and on and you know scope creep
and you got to be realistic about what you can accomplish. So we talked
it over and they wanted things like verification and reviews and
Facebook integration I\'m like whoa whoa whoa.

[00：10：09]我有点犹豫。因此，作为我们中的工程师，他们都是设计师，我非常谨慎地知道，是的，这些项目可以继续下去，你知道范围会变小，你必须对你能完成的事情现实一点。所以我们讨论了一下，他们想要的是验证和评论，以及Facebook的整合。

\[00:10:33\] And we wanted to do it like a month right. I\'m like yeah
I\'ve given up Baghead and so they finally pitch me on Air Bed and
Breakfast like right laughter which is really the same thing laughter
minus a couple of those fancy features and after a couple beers I agree
to do this.

[00：10：33]我们想做的就像一个月，对吧。我想，是的，我已经放弃了袋鼠头，所以他们终于把我扔到空中床上，早餐就像正确的笑声，这和笑减去几个花哨的特征是一样的。喝了几杯啤酒后，我同意这样做。

\[00:10:49\] Laughter sometimes that\'s how it happens.

[00：10：49]笑声有时就是这样发生的。

\[00:10:54\] So we\'re off and running again. We\'re making a pretty
simple site right. We had different events in our database and you could
put up airbags or extra rooms in association with those events. It was
really directory service. There was no payment. There was no refuse. It
was really just a search engine and classifieds. So we cranked this out
in three weeks and our whole goal was to launch it for South by
Southwest because we had heard Twitter launch air the year before and
like you know. So that\'s a sign and we shall launch in 2008 ISI. So we
create this thing out and about say about 12 people put up properties or
rooms or say and Brian goes down there and actually stays on an Air B
and B and it\'s a great experience. The host picks them up at the
airport brings them to the house. The guy\'s wife makes them both dinner
the rooms all set up at the end of the night.

[00：10：54]所以我们又出发了。我们正在做一个非常简单的网站。我们的数据库里有不同的活动，你可以在这些活动中安装安全气囊或额外的房间。实际上是目录服务。没有付款。没有垃圾。它真的只是一个搜索引擎和分类。所以我们在三周内解决了这个问题，我们的整个目标是把它推向西南偏南，因为我们一年前听过推特的发布会，就像你知道的。这是一个信号，我们将在2008年推出ISI。所以我们创造了这个东西，大约有12个人建了房子或者房间，或者说布莱恩去了那里，实际上住在B飞机上，这是一次很棒的体验。主人在机场接他们，把他们带到家里。那家伙的妻子让他们两人共进晚餐-房间都是在晚上收拾好的。

\[00:11:51\] The host asks Brian do you have the money. Because this was
before we handled the transaction. Oh man I forgot to go to the ATM. Now
is it. No problem just bring it tomorrow. The next night they\'re in the
kitchen again and hostess. O\'BRIEN Were you able to get that money.
Brian had forgotten again laughter and suddenly things got weird because
this guy started thinking to himself who is Brian. This guy just met on
the Internet. He was not fulfilling his end of the bargain and paying
for my hospitality and hospitality basically wore off at that point. And
so reflecting on this unnice experience we fatuousness on man.

主持人问布莱恩，你有钱吗？因为这是在我们处理交易之前。哦伙计我忘了去取款机了。现在就是了。没问题只要明天就拿来。第二天晚上，他们又在厨房里当女主人了。奥布莱恩你能拿到那笔钱吗。布莱恩又一次忘记了笑声，突然事情变得很奇怪，因为这个家伙开始想自己是谁。这家伙是在网上认识的。他没有履行他的交易，支付我的好客和好客的费用基本上在那一点上消失了。因此，回想起这段不愉快的经历，我们对人类的宿命。

\[00:12:35\] Wouldn\'t it be good if we could just handle the money
upfront so that upon arrival the focus should be on hospitality. Right.
So this is why we later started handling the payments. It wasn\'t
because we wanted a business model or something. It was all in the
interest of the experience. People also afterwards were asking us like
I\'m going to London not for an event but I still want to use your
service. I\'m like oh no. You asked me for an event. Whatever right.
Wait a minute does it. And so we came up with a new vision which was why
don\'t we make it just as easy to book someone\'s home as a hotel. And
we had this motto three clicks to book it. So basically you\'d just go
to the home page like any travel site type in where you want to go.

[00：12：35]如果我们能预先处理好这笔钱，这样在到达的时候，重点就应该放在招待上，这不是很好吗？右（边），正确的这就是我们后来开始处理付款的原因。不是因为我们想要一个商业模式什么的。这一切都符合这次经历的利益。后来人们也问我们，好像我要去伦敦，不是为了一个活动，但我还是想利用你的服务。我就像哦不。你要我参加一个活动。不管是什么权利。等一下。所以我们想出了一个新的愿景，这就是为什么我们不能像酒店一样简单地预订别人的家。我们的座右铭是三次点击预订。基本上，你可以像任何旅游网站一样进入主页，输入你想去的地方。

\[00:13:25\] Look there\'s some search results.

[00：13：25]看那里有一些搜索结果。

\[00:13:30\] And then click into a profile and feel like it hit it. So
three clicks to bookit so down at South by Brian met Michael Cybele
Michael at the time was CEO of Jesson TV later than Socialcam later to
be acquired last year. And Bryan pitched Michael on what we were doing.

[00：13：30]然后点击一个配置文件，感觉它被击中了。于是，布赖恩三次点击BookIt，在南方遇见了迈克尔·西贝勒，迈克尔当时是杰西电视公司的首席执行官，而不是社会摄像头公司的首席执行官，而后者则是去年才被收购的。布莱恩告诉迈克尔我们在做什么。

\[00:13:55\] And of course he was pitching it right. And Michael is like
wow that sounds really cool you know I know these guys these angel
investors who like over dinner could write you like a 50 K check like
I\'ll make those introductions and we\'re like super excited by this
because we don\'t know any investors how we\'re going to get money and
so the next day or next week you know Michael gets the time to actually
look at the Web site and he realizes that like we had actually really
been pitching him like heavy and maybe we weren\'t as far along as we
had made it out to be and so he says you know I\'ll make those
introductions. But before I do that he really is a few things you need
to do. There\'s a few things you do to build up progress you need to
show before this is going to be realistic.

[00：13：55]他当然投对了。迈克尔就像哇，听起来很酷，你知道，我认识这些喜欢吃晚饭的天使投资者，他们可能会给你写一张50 K的支票，就像我会做那些介绍一样，我们对此感到非常兴奋，因为我们不知道任何投资者，我们将如何获得资金，所以第二天或下周，你知道迈克尔有时间来真正做到这一点。看看这个网站，他意识到，就像我们一直在向他推介一样沉重，也许我们并没有我们想象的那么远，所以他说你知道我会做那些介绍。但在我这么做之前，他确实是你需要做的几件事。在这变得现实之前，你需要做一些事情来建立你需要展示的进步。

\[00:14:36\] And so every week Joe and Brian would head down to the
offices adjusting that TV meet with Michael. Give me a progress update.
Try to keep him excited about what we\'re doing. And. You know things
got tough around this point. So I at this point decided to move back to
Boston.

[00：14：36]所以，乔和布赖恩每周都会到办公室去调整电视，和迈克尔见面。给我最新进展。试着让他对我们正在做的事情感到兴奋。而且。你知道，在这一点上，事情变得很艰难。所以我决定搬回波士顿。

\[00:14:57\] So I had been doing long distance for my girlfriend for
three years and I did really figure things out that I want to get
married or not. So you know I had some other priorities in my life that
had suddenly come up and I was in Boston and suddenly the pace really
slowed down. Right. And meanwhile we get these things that we\'re
supposed to build from Michael and Michael\'s wondering as they come in
every week. Man. Why is it taking you so long to build these features
like your co-founder. He must not be a good engineer. And meanwhile I\'m
like Guys have you like been straight with Michael and told him that
like you know I\'m doing some other things and I set his expectations.
But of course they hadn\'t right. Because. They they wanted to make sure
you didn\'t lose interest right. I mean we were desperate. We needed to
raise money. And I tell you this story because like this is this is real
life like this is how it is and sometimes your partnership isn\'t always
high fives. Right. There\'s a lot of stress when you\'re starting a
company and no one\'s getting paid. And you got to work through those
moments.

[00：14：57]所以我已经为我的女朋友做了三年的长途旅行，我确实想出了我想不想结婚的事情。所以你知道，我的生活中有一些其他的优先事项突然出现，我在波士顿，突然之间，我的节奏真的慢下来了。右（边），正确的与此同时，我们从迈克尔身上得到了我们应该建造的东西，而迈克尔每周都在想。伙计。为什么你要花这么长时间才能像你的联合创始人那样构建这些功能呢？他一定不是个好工程师。与此同时，我就像小伙子们一样，你们对迈克尔直言不讳，并告诉他，就像你知道的那样，我正在做其他的事情，我设定了他的期望。但他们当然不对。因为他们想确保你没有失去兴趣。我是说我们当时很绝望。我们需要筹集资金。我告诉你们这个故事是因为像这样的现实生活是这样的，有时候你们的伙伴关系并不总是击掌。右（边），正确的当你开始一家公司的时候，压力很大，没有人能得到报酬。你必须努力度过这些时刻。

\[00:15:56\] So eventually we get it done. And Michael makes those
introductions. Those angel investors and so we are having these meetings
and I\'m still in Boston. So Joan Briner go into the meetings and you
know I would always ask how the meeting go. And I\'m like oh yeah they
found it really interesting. They\'re going to get back to us soon. I
like really vague statements like oh that\'s good I guess so. Only later
I kind of get the full story about what was going on. So was one time
they go down to university cafe meet with this well-known angel investor
and the guy has a smoothie and they\'re pitching him the agents drink a
smoothie and said listening.

[00：15：56]所以我们终于完成了。迈克尔做了那些介绍。那些天使投资者，所以我们正在开会，我还在波士顿。所以琼·布瑞纳去参加会议，你知道我总是会问会议进行得如何。我觉得，哦，是的，他们觉得很有趣。他们很快就会给我们回电话的。我喜欢像这样的非常含糊的陈述，哦，那很好，我想是的。后来我才知道到底发生了什么。所以有一次，他们去了大学咖啡厅，见了一位著名的天使投资人，那家伙喝了一杯奶昔，他们向他推销，经纪人喝了一杯冰沙，然后说听着。

\[00:16:42\] Halfway through it. He just gets up and leaves. Then you
finish a smoothie laughter laughter and Gerald Reiner like did you have
to use the restroom maybe put some money on the meter. They like sit
around for half an hour never comes back.

[00：16：42]中途。他就这样站起来离开了。然后你喝完冰沙般的笑声，杰拉尔德·莱纳(GeraldReiner)就像你必须要去洗手间一样，也许要在计价器上放点钱。他们喜欢坐半个小时，再也不回来了。

\[00:16:54\] Laughter. Like what is. This how it is.

[00：16：54]笑声。就像什么是。事情就是这样。

\[00:16:59\] I mean but you know I guess I guess we didn\'t have much to
show at that point we were we weren\'t ready for it I guess this other
time happened to coincide with one of my trips out and I\'m like oh
great I get to go to one of these pitches finally. And so the night
before looking at the slide deck kind of revealing who\'s going to do
what and we come to this slide right. And it\'s like how much money are
we going to make. Three years from now like in 2011 or something like
200 million dollars three years from now I\'m like guess like if you do
that math that\'s how you break it out here that\'s like 30000
transactions per day like that. It\'s not realistic. They\'re going to
like me just gonna go off on that. So I\'m like how about like 20
million that\'s more realistic. OK. Sure.

[00：16：59]我的意思是，但你知道，我想我们当时没有什么可展示的，我们还没有做好准备所以在看幻灯片的前一天晚上，我们发现了谁会做什么，我们就来看看这张幻灯片。就像我们要赚多少钱一样。三年后，比如2011年，或者三年后大约2亿美元，我想，如果你做这个数学运算，这就是你如何解决这个问题的方法，每天大概有30000笔这样的交易。这不现实。他们会喜欢我的。所以我想，大约2000万，这更现实些。好的好的

\[00:17:48\] You want the scariest guy.

[00：17：48]你想要最可怕的人。

\[00:17:50\] So the next day we drive down to Sentelle would pitch
pitching theV.C. and come to the slide and changed it to this exactly.

[00：17：50]所以第二天，我们开车到Sentelle，投球，然后来到滑梯前，把它改变成这样。

\[00:18:01\] Laughter.

[00：18：01]笑声。

\[00:18:03\] Well I don\'t think it actually matter too much and I think
the investor is interested in this from the start. But it\'s like guys
come on like what is this all about. Brines like oh you know I was
talking to Sam Altman. He\'s like. He told me that like investors don\'t
want arms they want B\'s baby.

[00：18：03]我不认为这真的很重要，我认为投资者从一开始就对这件事感兴趣。但这就像男人们来吧，就像这一切都是怎么回事。哦，你知道，我在和萨姆·奥特曼说话。他说，就像投资者一样，他们不想要B的孩子。

\[00:18:18\] Laughter laughter and it\'s true.

[00：18：18]笑声是真的。

\[00:18:27\] Investors want BS. We hadn\'t connected the dots between
the air beds and the billions yet. So it didn\'t work out.

[00：18：27]投资者想要BS。我们还没有把空气床和数十亿美元之间的点连接起来，所以还没有解决。

\[00:18:37\] So at this point we kind of put the fundraising on hold
it\'s clearly not working now. I think with Bernt dollar leads and well
on the horizon is that Democratic National Convention coming up in
Denver and reading about this event and it\'s going to be held at the
stadium stadium holds like 80000 people. We look it up there\'s like
only 17000 hotel rooms in Denver. OK. People are going to need our
solution. We use this as a basically a rallying call to get focused and
build that new vision we had three clicks the book yet we haven\'t
really made much progress on that. So he said OK it\'s only three months
away. If we start now and are really focused we can get this out in time
and we\'re gonna handle payments and do reviews and all that and so we
hustle we launch maybe a couple weeks before the event we get like eight
hundred properties on there the first week. I mean sure enough like the
locals are looking to get out of town make some extra money. And sure
enough the news is doing stories like hey a historic event. All these
people want to participate but they can\'t afford to. There\'s no place
to stayetc. It\'s like whoa. Like perfect. So we start writing to like
some local blogs saying we actually have a hundred properties that are
definitely available. You should check us out or write something and
they do. And within a day that\'s picked up by the local news and like
within a day later like CNN International picks it up in radio and like
video interviews with CNN and it\'s oh yeah like this is what watching
your company should be like right. Like a lot of attention. You know a
lot of a lot of clicks to this Web site. Yeah but a week later there was
nothing. There was back to square one and this is up pogroms classic
diagram of the lifecycle of a startup and it\'s so true. I mean
everybody goes through this. You want your company. You get like a lot
of attention. You get this big spike. But it really doesn\'t matter
because like a week later you realize that everyone\'s attention has
moved on you\'re not really relevant. Who cares. And unfortunately
that\'s the beginning of something called the Trough of Sorrow. This is
like the worst. It\'s a really hard period where you work really hard.
And nothing you do matters is very demoralizing. And so basically
between August and the end of the year it was only four months but it
seemed like an eternity. We worked really hard and nothing we did in the
matter. And at the same time the whole financial crisis happens right
and the market\'s collapse and Sequoia sends out this presentation
saying like no one\'s going to be able to raise money again and you know
it\'s time to start saving your moneyetc. Just like on top of everything
like it was already hard enough to get investors to give us money. And
now this. And it really seemed like the end of the road like we were
really asking ourselves when do you know it\'s time to quit. And I think
we\'ve probably all thought about that right. What we realized was
before we can quit we\'ve got to get give it 100 percent. And Michael
Seibel could still be giving us advice along the way. He saw the state
we\'re in. He\'s like guys you got to get focused. He had gone through
like commentor with Justin that TV is like this will be good for you. So
like the application was like do that night. So he looks totally
scrambled submitted an app and got accepted for an interview. Did the
interview. I don\'t think PGE liked your idea. He actually told us later
he don\'t like it at all. I mean it\'s pretty obvious actually from the
interview the interview went off the rails within the first minute and
he was finally picked up on something else that he gets on. Now he gets
an but we did convince him of one thing which was that we were
determined that we had persevered through a lot and that we knew how to
create things and he basically said later I thought you guys are
cockroaches right.

[00：18：37]所以在这一点上，我们把筹款工作搁置了-很明显，现在不起作用了。我认为随着贝恩特·美元的领先，即将到来的民主党全国代表大会将在丹佛举行，并将在体育场举行，届时将有大约80000人参加。我们在丹佛只有17000间旅馆房间。好的人们需要我们的解决方案。我们利用这基本上是一个团结的号召，集中精力，建立新的愿景，我们点击了三次书，但我们在这方面并没有取得多大的进展。所以他说，好的，现在只剩三个月了。如果我们现在就开始，并且非常专注的话，我们就能及时的把它拿出来，我们会处理付款，做评论等等，所以我们会在活动开始前几个星期开始，我们在那里的第一周就有大约八百套房产了。我是说，就像当地人想要离开镇子一样，赚点外快。可以肯定的是，这则新闻正在做一些类似于历史事件的报道。所有这些人都想参加，但他们负担不起。没有地方住等。就像哇。就像完美一样。所以我们开始写一些本地博客，说我们实际上有100个绝对可用的属性。你应该看看我们或者写点什么他们就会这么做。在一天之内被当地新闻所接收到，就像在一天后，就像CNN国际在广播中接收到它，像CNN的视频采访一样，哦，是的，就像这样，看你的公司应该是对的。像很多注意力一样。你知道这个网站有很多点击。是的但一周后什么都没有。这里又回到了起点，这是一个创业公司生命周期的经典图表，这是非常正确的。我是说每个人都经历过这个。你想要你的公司。你得到了很多关注。你会得到这么大的扣球。但这并不重要，因为大约一周后，你会意识到每个人的注意力都转移到你身上了。谁在乎呢。不幸的是，这是一种叫做“悲伤的槽”的开始。这就像最糟糕的。这是一个你非常努力工作的时期。你做的任何事都是非常令人沮丧的。所以，基本上在八月到年底之间，只有四个月，但它似乎是永恒的。我们真的很努力，在这件事上什么也没做。与此同时，整个金融危机都在发生，市场崩溃，红杉公司(Sequoia)发布了这样的报告，似乎没有人能够再次筹集资金，你知道，现在是时候开始拯救你的蒙托克了。就像最重要的事情一样，要让投资者给我们钱已经够困难的了。现在这个。这看起来真的像是道路的尽头，就像我们真的在问自己，你知道什么时候该辞职了吗？我想我们可能都想对了。我们意识到，在我们能够辞职之前，我们必须百分之百地给予它。迈克尔·塞贝尔可能还会一直给我们建议。他看到了我们现在的状况。他就像你要集中精神的人。他和贾斯汀一样经历过这样的电视节目，这对你有好处。就像那晚的应用程序一样。因此，他看起来非常慌乱，提交了一个应用程序，并被接受了一次面试。做了采访。我不认为PGE喜欢你的主意。他后来告诉我们他一点也不喜欢。我的意思是，很明显，从采访开始，第一分钟就偏离了轨道，他终于开始了其他的事情。现在他得到了一个，但我们确实说服了他一件事，那就是我们下定决心，我们坚持了很多，我们知道如何创造东西。他后来基本上说，我认为你们是蟑螂。

\[00:22:42\] And he\'s got this saying you know the hardest thing is you
need people who will never give up. You\'ve got to Saffir there\'s going
to be so many setbacks and he\'s looking for cockroaches so we arrive at
Y Combinator.

[00：22：42]他有这样一句话：你知道最难的是你需要那些永不放弃的人。你得去萨菲尔，那里会有那么多挫折，他在寻找蟑螂，所以我们来到了Y组合公司。

\[00:23:00\] Super excited and again these are our three month period to
get really focused and we get really regimented. All right. So I moved
back from Boston back to the west coast. We\'re all living together.
Waking up at 8a.m. going to bed at midnight we\'re doing everything
together where we\'re going to the gym eating I\'m sleeping at the foot
of Joe\'s bed on an air bed of course it\'s 100 percent focus.

[00：23：00]超级兴奋，再一次，这是我们三个月的时间来真正集中精力，我们得到了真正的控制。好的所以我从波士顿搬回西海岸。我们都住在一起。早上8点起床，午夜睡觉，我们一起做每一件事，一起去健身房，吃东西，我睡在乔的床脚下，当然，这是百分之百的专注。

\[00:23:27\] We\'re doing a six or seven days a week and meanwhile is
this financial crisis PGE tells us. Like. No one\'s going to be able to
raise money at the end of this thing. So it\'s up to you to get to
profitability. So we have this goal of Rahmon profitability by by March
which is basically for us a thousand dollars a week enough to pay rent
and buy ramen and we make this graph and we update it every week and we
put it on the mirror in the bathroom. We put it over the fireplace
everywhere. We saw this graph throughout the day and it made us focus
and so there\'s a few pieces of advice that we got at kind of the start
of why see that made the world difference. And one was this thing that
publicSen. Paul Paul is the creator ofG.M. and he basically said it\'s
better to have a few users who love you than a thousand users that like
you might really find those few evangelists and build for them. So we
kind of put that in the back of our head meanwhile Pidgey said do things
that don\'t scale and like we\'ve been thinking about like how do we
make this Web site where people can completely do it themselves fully
automated like hands off like that\'s what the Web is all about right.
And he\'s like no it\'s ok.

[00：23：27]我们每周做6到7天，同时这场金融危机也是PGE告诉我们的。喜欢在这件事结束后，没有人能筹到钱。所以，这取决于你的盈利能力。所以我们的目标是在三月前实现Rahmon的盈利，这基本上是每周1000美元，足以支付租金和购买拉面，我们制作这张图表，我们每周更新一次，然后把它放在浴室的镜子上。我们把它放在壁炉上到处都是。我们一整天都在看这张图表，它让我们集中注意力，所以我们在开始的时候得到了一些建议，为什么看到这会让世界变得不同。其中一件事就是宣传森。保罗是通用汽车的创建者，他基本上说，有几个爱你的用户比上千个喜欢你的用户更好，他们可能真的会找到那些少数的传道者，并为他们建造。因此，我们把它放在我们的后脑勺上，同时，皮吉说，做一些不缩放的事情，就像我们一直在考虑如何使这个网站完全自动化，就像人们可以像手一样完全自动化，就像网络就是这样的。他就像不一样，没关系。

\[00:24:46\] I do things that don\'t scale and he says so where users
are users are everywhere. It\'s like well where most of your users say
OK. New York. So he\'s like go to New York meet your users and we\'re
like I always supposed to be here at what I do and like you know in
Mountain View and stuff. You don\'t know. Just go there and meet them
all. So that\'s what we do. We go to New York we meet every single user
all 40 of them.

[00：24：46]我所做的事情是不缩放的，他说，在用户随处可见的地方都是如此。就像大多数用户说OK一样。纽约。所以他就像去纽约见你的用户，我们就像我一直在这里做的一样，就像你在山景城知道的那样。你不知道。去那里见见他们所有人。所以这就是我们要做的。我们去了纽约，我们遇到了每一个用户，他们都是40个。

\[00:25:15\] Laughter.

[00：25：15]笑声。

\[00:25:18\] It\'s a start. You got to start somewhere. It\'s a magic
number. And so. You know beforehand recalling that these users were
saying oh we can send a professional photographer over to your place and
get some pictures taken would you like that. Like oh yes sure.

[00：25：18]这是一个开始。你必须从某个地方开始。这是一个神奇的数字。所以。你知道，事先回想一下，这些用户说，哦，我们可以派一位专业摄影师去你家拍一些照片-你会喜欢这样的吗？比如哦，是的，当然。

\[00:25:33\] So then Joan Brannen show up right there the professional
flaggers like co-founder is the company hired to take pictures. Laughter
a little weird but yeah they\'re already there. They opened the door.
Take the pictures. And while they\'re there they sat at the computer
gave them a little less and got some feedback.

[00：25：33]然后琼·布兰宁出现在那里，像联合创始人这样的专业人士是公司雇来拍照的。笑声有点奇怪，但是的，他们已经在那里了。他们打开了门，拍下了照片。当他们在那里时，他们坐在电脑前，给他们少了一点，得到了一些反馈。

\[00:25:52\] We would invite them out to the bar later on to get some
beer built a report told them our story really tried to get them to root
for us. And so we\'d go back home and would then call them up and we\'d
say Hey look at your profile and you know we only have a paragraph on
there. You\'ve got a really nice place. Do you mind if we like help
describe it a little better. Fill it out. Change your title by the way.
Price seems a little high. Can we just maybe started seventy five
dollars a night. You know if you get Tumaini increasing always raise it.
So we could have never asked this of people if they never met us. Right
but because they were rooting for us it made all the difference. And so
by the end of this exercise we had 20 or 40 really good looking
properties in New York that we had basically fully curated when we did
that. That\'s when they started getting booked. That\'s when we started
getting traction.

[00：25：52]我们会邀请他们去酒吧买些啤酒-一份报告告诉他们，我们的故事真的想让他们支持我们。所以我们回家，然后打电话给他们，我们会说，嘿，看看你的资料，你知道我们只有一个段落。你有个很好的地方。你介意我们帮忙把它描述得更好点吗？填好。顺便改一下你的头衔。价格似乎有点高。我们能不能开始一晚七十五美元？你知道，如果你得到了塔玛尼增长，总是提高它。所以如果他们从来没见过我们，我们就不会问他们这个问题了。是的，但因为他们支持我们，所以一切都不同了。所以在这个练习结束的时候，我们在纽约有了20到40个漂亮的房产，我们基本上已经完全策划好了。从那时起他们就开始被预订了。从那时起我们就开始受到牵引力了。

\[00:26:52\] So around this time it\'s towards the end of Lycee and
there\'s a speaker that comes every week during dinner and so that week
Greg Mackie two from Sequoia Capital is coming and we had Greg speak at
Startup School actually earlier that year and Greg was talking about
like great surfers and like big waves like real figuratively and talking
about how they invested in companies like Intel and Cisco and Halik.
These were the kind of companies that Sequoia is in the business of
finding. And so like you know of course it was like well that\'s not us
right like we\'re not Siska but here he was at dinner and so of course
we had to pitch him right. That\'s what you do. So after dinner it was
shown our stuff walk them through it and then he\'s like. Let me see if
I got this straight. And he basically read pitches it back to us and he
does like a way better job and we\'re like yeah like like what you said.

[00：26：52]大约这一次，Lycee就要结束了，每周都会有一位演讲者在晚宴上发言，那一周，来自红杉资本(Sequoia Capital)的格雷格·麦基(Greg Mackie)两位来自红杉资本(Sequoia Capital)的格雷格·麦基(Greg Mackie)即将到来，当时我们让格雷格在创业学校(Startup School)发表演讲，格雷格当时谈论的是像伟大的冲浪者，像真实的巨浪一样，以及他们如何投资这些都是红杉公司正在寻找的公司。就像你知道的，当然，这不是我们，就像我们不是西斯卡，但是他在这里吃饭，所以我们当然要把他扔到正确的位置。你就是这么做的。所以晚饭后，我们的东西被展示给他们看，然后他就像。让我看看我是否把这件事搞清楚了。他基本上把它念给我们听，他喜欢一份更好的工作，我们就像你说的那样。

\[00:27:52\] Laughter. We couldn\'t believe it. This guy gets it. He
gets even better than we do laughter.

[00：27：52]笑声。我们无法相信。这家伙明白了。他比我们笑得更好。

\[00:28:01\] And so within two weeks we had a term sheet that we had
signed and we raised 600000 in seed from them. And I mean from there
it\'s been up until the right. And you know all of this had to happen
before that happened. Right. And you know it kind of reflecting back on
one hand it looks like so much happened so quickly. Right. Like how
could you ask for more and I know how could you. But it looks really
easy and it did happen relatively quickly. At the same time that journey
was a really tough one. And what I want you to take away is that this is
a long journey and perseverance is what matters the most. And you might
fail this time. But if you think of every single experience as a
building block to that final competition if you make sure you pace
yourself so that you don\'t quit too early and you have to basically
bail. You can do amazing things. And so I hope that today you were not
only inspired but you got some practical tips and I expect to see a lot
of great things from you. Thank you. Applause.


[00：28：01]因此，在两周内，我们有了一份我们签署的学期表，我们从他们那里筹集了600000的种子。我的意思是，从那以后，它一直持续到右边。你知道这一切都必须发生在那之前。右（边），正确的你知道，这是一种反思，一方面，看起来发生了这么多事情，发生得太快了。右（边），正确的比如你怎么能要求更多我知道你怎么能。但这看起来真的很容易，而且确实发生得相对较快。同时，这是一次非常艰难的旅程。我要你们带走的是，这是一段漫长的旅程，而毅力才是最重要的。这次你可能会失败。但是，如果你认为每一次经历都是最后一场比赛的基石，那么你必须确保自己的节奏，这样你就不会过早地退出，基本上你就得放弃。你可以做令人惊奇的事情。所以，我希望你今天不仅受到启发，而且得到了一些实用的建议，我希望你能看到很多伟大的东西。谢谢。掌声。

