**Ron Conway at Startup School 2013-7bm-Xj2jMCk.mp4**

*Ron Conway在创业学校，2013年-7bm-Xj2jMCk.mp4*

\[00:00:00\] Morning.

[00：00]早上好。

\[00:00:01\] Mike Mike works.

[00：00：01]迈克工作。

\[00:00:03\] Okay well thanks for coming along. Delighted to have you
here. We\'re going to jump right into things I wanted to talk about
Twitter first because Jack Dorsey is coming here later and they\'re
going public they\'re doing so well. I want you to take me back to when
you first invested in what you signed on and how you first invested.

[00：00：03]好的，谢谢你能来。很高兴你能来。我们要直接谈一些我想先谈的推特，因为杰克·多尔西后来要来这里，他们要上市了，他们做得很好。我想让你回到你第一次投资于你签约的东西和你第一次投资的时候。

\[00:00:24\] Sure. I got to know Evan Williams because back in 1998 we
invested in Google and so we knew Google from the early days and Google
acquired blogger from Evan that\'s the company that Evan founded. And so
I got to know Evan through that and then over time Evan left Google and
went to start an incubator called obvious core and Odeo was one of the
companies that that was incubated it ObviousCorp. and Odeo was in the
podcasting space which was very interesting to people at the time. And I
invested in Odeo Odeo ended up not doing well the podcasting space did
not blossom and. Have To his credit felt so bad about Odeo going out of
business. It was second startup. He gave all the investors their money
back which was pretty amazing and I said you don\'t need to do this. You
know investors are big people who know that you can lose money 40
percent of all of our startups go out of business completely we don\'t
get a nickel out of them. I said you\'re just in that bucket. Don\'t
worry about it he said no I feel so bad. I want to pay the investors
back and I said fine. But whatever you do next I\'m investing 75 k in
that and the next startup was Twitter. And so you lucked out there.

[00：00：24]当然。我之所以了解埃文·威廉姆斯，是因为在1998年我们投资了谷歌，所以我们从早期就认识了谷歌，谷歌从埃文那里收购了博主-埃文就是埃文创建的公司。于是我认识了埃文，后来埃文离开了谷歌，创办了一个名为“显而易见的核心”的孵化器，Odeo就是其中一家孵化它的公司。Odeo在播客的空间里，当时人们对此非常感兴趣。我投资了Odeo，结果做得不好，播客空间没有开花。他对Odeo破产感到很难过。这是第二家创业公司。他把钱还给了所有的投资者，真是太棒了，我说你不需要这么做。你知道，投资者都是大人物，他们知道你可能会亏本，我们所有的初创公司中，有40%会完全倒闭，我们不会从他们那里得到一分钱。我说你就在那个桶里。别担心，他说不，我觉得很难过。我想还投资者钱，我说好的。但无论你下一步做什么，我都会投资75，000美元，下一家创业公司就是Twitter。所以你很幸运。

\[00:02:04\] What was it about there that made you say you know I\'m in
the next one just count me. Well

[00：02：04]是什么让你说你知道我在下一个，那就算上我吧。

\[00:02:09\] it was that he had such amazing human feelings about
feeling bad about going out of business. And I tried to help sell ODEIO
we tried to get ODEIO to a soft landing and I can\'t remember maybe we
did but he he felt bad about it and I said wow what what a great person.
You know at SFE age we invest in the people first. And when you have
somebody do something is impressive is that. You want to invest in the
next to an end. When they said Twitter I said. Hey I don\'t care what it
does here\'s the money.

[00：02：09]他有着如此令人惊奇的人类感情，因为他对停业感到不快。我试图帮助销售ODEIO，我们试图让ODEIO实现软着陆，我不记得我们做了什么，但他对此感到很难过，我说：哇，真是个了不起的人。你知道，在SFE时代，我们首先投资于人民。当你让别人做某事时，令人印象深刻的是。你想在最后的时候投资。他们说推特的时候我说。嘿，我不管它做什么，这是钱。

\[00:02:50\] So when he said Okay Ron here\'s what we\'re doing here is
what you\'re investing in. What did you think.

[00：02：50]所以当他说，好的，罗恩，这就是我们在这里做的，你在投资什么。你怎么想的。

\[00:02:56\] Well he was nice enough to say you should go talk to Jack
Dorsey because Jack you know Twitter came out of the mind of Jack Dorsey
and so have said hey one of our partners at obvious corp is Jack and he
has he has this product vision for Twitter. And this is going to be the
next company that we all spend a lot of time on. There were other
companies in obvious corp as well. But Twitter was the one they took the
spotlight off of ODEIO put it on Twitter and I went and had lunch with
Jack over in South Park in San Francisco and I just said hey I\'m
investing. Tell me what it is. And.

[00：02：56]他说你应该去和杰克·多尔西谈谈，因为杰克-你知道的-Twitter是从杰克·多尔西的脑海中冒出来的，所以他说，嘿，我们公司的合伙人之一就是杰克，他对Twitter有一个产品愿景。这将是下一家我们都花了很多时间的公司。显而易见的公司中也有其他公司。但Twitter是他们把注意力从ODEIO转移到Twitter上的那个人，我去了旧金山的南方公园和Jack共进午餐，我只是说我在投资。告诉我这是什么。

\[00:03:36\] What did what did you think when he said here\'s what it is
140 characters. Well reaction my reaction was hey great let\'s see if it
works and.

[00：03：36]当他说这是140个字的时候，你怎么想的？好吧，我的反应很好，让我们看看它是否行得通。

\[00:03:48\] And with any product. It\'s do the users like it. So if the
product takes off it\'s a good product. And like Facebook and Snapchat
so many of these others it started taking off right away. And the big
problem Twitter had was keeping up with the growth the fail whale became
more prominent than the bird.

[00：03：48]和任何产品。它会让用户喜欢它。因此，如果该产品推出，它将是一款不错的产品。就像Facebook和Snapchat一样，它很快就开始起飞。Twitter面临的最大问题是跟上增长的步伐，失败的鲸鱼比小鸟更加突出。

\[00:04:14\] Speaking of Snapchat and Pinterest and all in Facebook you
invested in all of these early before they were big I\'d love for you to
remember back to what the founders were like or what you thought about
the product. Way back when they started I guess snapchat is newer but
the other two were there.

[00：04：14]说到Snapchat和Pinterest，以及Facebook上的所有这些，我希望你能回想起创始人是什么样的，或者你对这个产品的看法。早在Snapchat开始的时候，我想Snapchat是比较新的，但另外两个还在。

\[00:04:33\] So Facebook Twitter page Pinterest. So while I feel like
we\'ve talked about Twitter Facebook so Facebook I started with Sean
Parker because we invested in Napster than we were the first investors
in Plaxo. That was Sean Parker second company. And so when Sean became
the president of Facebook he came to me and said hey you know come and
mentor me and Mark. And I said Great. And so the first time I met. Mark
and Sean. Funny enough it was just a few weeks after they had moved to
California and the Facebook metrics were were already like this going
straight up just just like Twitter. A few years later and you never
argue with the metrics so the amazing thing about Zuck is is the vision
and confidence that he had. Not arrogance but confidence that this thing
is going to keep growing. And at the end of the first meeting I said hey
how many users is this thing going to have in a couple of years. And he
looked me in the eye and said 300 million. And it ends up he was off by
700 million because Facebook has over a billion users today. But he was
thinking big then.

[00：04：33]那么Facebook推特页面Pinterest。因此，当我觉得我们谈论了Twitter、Facebook和Facebook时，我从肖恩·帕克(SeanParker)开始，因为我们投资于Napster，而不是柏拉图的第一批投资者。那是肖恩·帕克第二家公司。所以，当肖恩成为Facebook的总裁时，他来找我说嗨，你知道的，来指导我和马克。我说的很好。所以我第一次见面。马克和肖恩。有趣的是，就在他们搬到加州几周后，Facebook的指标已经像推特一样直线上升。几年后，你从来没有和指标争论过，所以Zuck令人惊奇的地方在于他的远见和自信。不是傲慢，而是对这件事会持续增长的信心。在第一次会议结束时，我说，嘿，这个东西几年后会有多少用户。他看着我的眼睛说了3亿。最后，他的收入减少了7亿，因为Facebook现在拥有超过10亿的用户。但他当时的想法很大。

\[00:06:00\] I feel like you with Facebook. I know you\'ve told me that
you\'re a little bit skeptical about the social networking thing at
first. But you must have seen something special in Mark.

[00：06：00]我觉得你和Facebook在一起。我知道你告诉过我你一开始对社交网络有点怀疑，但你肯定在马克身上看到了一些特别的东西。

\[00:06:12\] Well what what what what what got me excited at Facebook
was the growth you know the user adoption and engagement the amount of
time that people were spending on the site. So even though I\'m not a
big Facebook user myself even today you never argue with the users. And
Facebook was picking up users you know very very quickly. So if you look
at. You know we invest in people first so Facebook I was investing in
Sean Parker\'s reputation and then learning about Mark with Twitter. It
was I was investing in Ev and learning about Jack. And then fast forward
till you know a year ago we see snapchat now with Snapchat. I can see
the pattern recognition you know so Facebook Twitter you have Instagram
in there even though we didn\'t invest and then you have snapchat. So
Snapchat is one that we said wow this is probably going to be a big gap
because there is this phenomenon happening right now. We\'re human.
Where were applications and social apps in particular are changing the
way people behave and how they communicate with each other. Facebook
Twitter and Snapchat and Instagram prove that. And so there\'s a huge
opportunity for more companies in this space.

[00：06：12]在Facebook上让我兴奋的是用户的成长，用户的接受和参与，人们在网站上花费的时间。因此，即使我本人并不是Facebook的大用户，即使在今天，你也从未与用户争论过。脸谱网很快就找到了你认识的用户。所以如果你看看。你知道，我们首先投资于人，所以我在Facebook上投资肖恩·帕克(SeanParker)的名声，然后在Twitter上了解马克的情况。这是我投资电动汽车和了解杰克。然后快速前进，直到一年前，我们看到Snapchat现在与Snapchat。我可以看到你知道的模式识别，所以Facebook，Twitter，你有Instagram，即使我们没有投资，然后你有Snapchat。所以Snapchat是我们说的，哇，这可能会是一个很大的差距，因为现在正在发生这种现象。我们是人类。应用程序，特别是社交应用程序，正在改变人们的行为方式和彼此之间的沟通方式。Facebook、Twitter、Snapchat和Instagram都证明了这一点。因此，对于更多的公司来说，这是一个巨大的机会。

\[00:07:41\] Any idea what this will be.

[00：07：41]任何知道这将是什么的人。

\[00:07:43\] I don\'t because I\'m not a founder but I\'m sure people
out there have ideas on what what is the next social app. Because social
apps are changing the way people communicate. Facebook adding photos was
huge. People started communicating with photos. And now you have
Snapchat which is really just photo messaging. I mean who would have
predicted that even three years ago.

[00：07：43]我不是因为我不是创始人，但我确信外面的人对下一个社交应用程序有自己的想法。因为社交应用正在改变人们的交流方式。Facebook添加照片是很大的，人们开始用照片交流。现在你有了Snapchat，它实际上只是照片信息。我的意思是，即使在三年前，谁也会预测到这一点。

\[00:08:12\] Do you think the Founders knew they were going to just
explode like they did because all all of these stories have that in
common. Can\'t argue with that. The user growth.

[00：08：12]你认为创建者知道他们会像他们一样爆炸，因为所有这些故事都有相同之处。这是无可辩驳的。用户的增长。

\[00:08:21\] Well there are a lot of companies though that didn\'t
explode in these spaces. But but I think every founder thinks their
company is going to explode. The founders whose company don\'t explode
and they keep iterating until it does. Ah ah ah ah really unsung heroes.

[00：08：21]虽然有很多公司在这些空间里没有爆炸，但我认为每个创始人都认为他们的公司会爆炸。那些公司的创始人不会爆炸，他们会一直迭代到公司爆炸。啊，真是无名英雄。

\[00:08:41\] That\'s a good segway actually and Silbermann of Pinterest
was here last year and I loved his story because it was a really long
road for them both with users and with getting investments. Do you
remember when you first met. And what made you think they were good.

[00：08：41]这是一个很好的片段，Pinterest的Silbermann去年也在这里，我喜欢他的故事，因为这对他们来说是一段很长的路，不管是用户还是投资。你还记得你第一次见面的时候，是什么让你觉得他们很棒。

\[00:08:56\] Yes. Bend\'s Ben and Pinterest is a great example of a
founder where it didn\'t explode right away like Twitter Facebook or
Instagram. Ben Silverman had to keep iterating for a year and a half
which we heard about when he spoke last year. But here\'s a guy who is
very persistent and stayed close to his users. He had focus groups
mainly with groups of women that he that he would bring together in a
coffee shop. And then he would call them the next day to make sure they
were still using the product and keep getting feedback. In iterating
until the product took off. In the case of Pinterest you didn\'t
discover the product at SPV angel we meet once a week for four hours I
chair that meeting because lots of people think I\'m not involved in NSV
angel or some thing because I\'m involved in philanthropy and civic
engagement. But but no 80 percent of my time is still spent on investing
and helping companies. But I\'m not the picker the rest of our team or
pickers and a couple of years ago David Lee and Kevin Carter said Hey
Ron listen up. This is an app that we think is going places Pinterest
and Pinterest is in its infancy and we co-invest Rashaan officier on the
east coast and there is nothing like a woman\'s intuition. Shana Fisher
was barking in our ear as well saying hey this app is really really
cool. It\'s where people pin their aspirations and so so I didn\'t
discover Pinterest the S V Angel team and Shana Fisher discovered it.
But I went to meet Ben and what I saw was a very unusual entrepreneur
because a lot of you all typewriters are outspoken and aggressive. So
entrepreneurs are type A or. Or you\'re in the Ben Silverman category a
very shy soft spoken but very cerebral and thoughtful. And so the first
time I met Ben was it was in Mountain View and I think we chasing an
allocation for the next round. So saying hey Ben what can I do to help
you which is how ASV Angel operates. We just go to the entrepreneur and
say give us a hard project and fix it. And all startups have hard
projects so bent gave me a few projects and off we went. But what I
noticed about him is he\'s a founder that actually has a calming effect.
So there\'s a lot of founders who. At the Friday. Team meetings wind up
their team in the case of Ben Silverman. He winds up the team in a
cerebrally way by actually making everybody calm.

[00：08：56]是的。弯曲的BenandPinterest是创始人的一个很好的例子，它没有像Twitter、Facebook或Instagram那样马上爆炸。本·西尔弗曼(BenSilverman)不得不在一年半的时间里不断迭代，这是我们去年在他讲话时听到的。但是这里有一个人，他非常执着，并且一直和他的用户保持着亲密的关系。他有重点小组，主要与妇女团体，他将聚集在一家咖啡店。然后他会在第二天打电话给他们，确保他们还在使用该产品，并不断得到反馈。直到产品起飞。在Pinterest的例子中，你没有发现SPV天使的产品，我们每周见面一次，持续四个小时，我主持那个会议，因为很多人认为我没有参与NSV天使，或者其他的事情，因为我参与了慈善事业和公民参与。但我没有80%的时间花在投资和帮助公司上。但是我不是挑选者，而是我们球队的其他人，或者是挑选者。几年前，大卫·李和凯文·卡特说，嘿，罗恩，听着。我们认为这是一个应用程序，我们认为Pinterest和Pinterest还处于起步阶段，我们在东海岸共同投资Rashaan的官员，没有什么比女人的直觉更好了。沙娜·费舍尔也在我们耳边咆哮着说，嘿，这个应用程序真的很酷。这是人们把自己的愿望寄托在那里的地方，所以我没有发现Pinterest、SV天使队和ShanaFisher发现了它。但我去见了本，我看到的是一位不同寻常的企业家，因为你们中的很多人-打字机-直言不讳，咄咄逼人。所以企业家是A型或者。或者你是本·西尔弗曼一类的人，很害羞，说话柔和，但很有头脑，很体贴。所以我第一次见到本是在山景城，我想我们在追求下一轮的分配。所以说，嘿，本，我能做些什么来帮助你，这就是ASV天使的运作方式。我们只是去找企业家说，给我们一个艰难的项目，并修复它。所有的初创公司都有艰难的项目，所以我们放弃了一些项目。但我注意到的是，他是一个真正有镇静作用的创始人。所以有很多创始人。在星期五。在本·西尔弗曼的案子中，团队会议结束了他们的团队。他以一种大脑的方式结束了团队，实际上让每个人都平静下来。

\[00:11:59\] And I noticed that it\'s now it\'s very cool.

[00：11：59]我注意到现在很酷。

\[00:12:02\] It\'s amazing. And his rifle focused on the product. And
entrepreneurs like Zach and Jack Dorsey and Ben Silverman are successful
because they didn\'t care about the outside world. All they cared about.
In the early days and today as well it is is the product the best it can
be. And our users loving it. And I don\'t want to do a press interview.
I don\'t want to be distracted. I just want to keep building a great
product and those end up being becoming great.

[00：12：02]太棒了。他的步枪集中在产品上。像扎克、杰克·多尔西和本·西尔弗曼这样的企业家之所以成功，是因为他们不关心外部世界。他们关心的都是。在早期和今天，它是最好的产品。我们的用户也很喜欢。我不想接受媒体采访。我不想分心。我只想继续创造一个伟大的产品，而这些最终会变得很棒。

\[00:12:38\] Big companies. Are you able to tell us any of the hard
projects that he asked you to do with the but were they all really has
to be on three things here.

[00：12：38]大公司。你能告诉我们他让你做的任何困难的事情吗，但是如果他们真的必须在这里做三件事。

\[00:12:51\] You know with Pinterest lots of introductions. Hey let me
introduce you around at Apple. Let me introduce you around at various
companies where they didn\'t have relationships and that can bootstrap
growth. If if the iPhone is your first platform and we can help get you
in front of people at Apple because Apple respects your judgment that
that will help a company grow.

[00：12：51]你知道Pinterest有很多介绍。嘿，让我在苹果向你介绍一下。让我向你介绍一下不同的公司，他们没有关系，这可以引导公司的发展。如果iPhone是你的第一个平台，我们可以帮助你在苹果的人们面前，因为苹果尊重你的判断力，这将有助于一家公司的成长。

\[00:13:24\] I ask because I actually have sort of inside knowledge on
all of the hard problems or most of the hard problems that Ron has
helped the Y Combinator startups fix. And most of them can\'t even be
told well and most don\'t ask you to solve our problem.

[00：13：24]我问你，是因为我对罗恩帮助Y组合创业公司解决的所有困难问题或大部分困难问题都有一些内在的了解。而且他们中的大多数人甚至不能很好地被告知，而且大多数人也不要求你解决我们的问题。

\[00:13:38\] Most are MAFF to do with with funding. So most of the a lot
of the hard projects are funding or in a lot of cases emeny transactions
were where we don\'t publicize the activity. But but with Pinterest
we\'ve with all of our companies in general we always help with a series
A round. And then if the company wants it with the on going rounds of
financing as well we probably can\'t get into that one even though there
is a great one from a hotel room. Yes. With with Air B and B that that
one\'s been discussed.

[00：13：38]大多数是与资金有关的MAFF。所以大部分困难的项目都是资助的，或者在很多情况下，Emeny交易是我们不宣传活动的地方。但是，有了Pinterest，我们和我们所有的公司都在一起，我们总是在一系列的A轮中提供帮助。然后，如果公司也想要这一轮融资的话，我们很可能无法进入这一轮，尽管酒店房间里有一家很棒的公司。是关于B和B空气，这一问题已经讨论过了。

\[00:14:15\] What are they. Okay well let\'s talk about fundraising
because I did have a question for you on that. I mean it jumped to that
quickly. What do you see with the founders what are the biggest mistakes
that founders make in fundraising and what are some of the best
qualities of people showing their fundraising.

[00：14：15]他们是什么？好吧，那就让我们谈谈筹款吧，因为我确实有个问题要问你。我的意思是，它很快就跳到了这个地步。你对创始人的看法是什么？创始人在筹款中犯的最大错误是什么，以及展示他们筹款的人的一些最佳品质是什么。

\[00:14:35\] Well I guess the biggest mistake I see with founders and
fundraising is founders are not focusing enough on finding the investor
who can add the most value.

[00：14：35]嗯，我想我在创始人身上看到的最大的错误就是创始人没有足够的精力去寻找能增加最大价值的投资者。

\[00:14:49\] A lot of founders are worried and concerned about valuation
and delusion. And I think valuation in dilution is secondary to if you
can bring in a top tier investor who adds value to this space that
you\'re in that\'s worth that\'s worth millions and millions. To your
valuation you know in the case of Air B and B that a host of investors
trying to invest this is you know it\'s heresy because we had the
negotiation in a hotel room when we should have had it where Brian
Chesky was staying which is at an Air B and B host location. But but
what Brian Chesky got that night was oh no we should go with the
investor who adds the most value. So Andriessen Horowitz invested a
multi billion dollar valuation but there were other investors who even
wanted to pay more. And I said to Brian that night hey I think Jeff
Jordan at Andreessen Horowitz could do a lot for this company and Brian
Chesky for the next year. Every conversation we had which is often he
started with thank you and I go What are you thanking me for. Thank you
for Andriessen Horowitz and Jeff Jordan because Jeff did this this and
this today to pick the right investor and not pick a value added
investor.

[00：14：49]许多创始人对估价和妄想感到担忧和担忧。我认为，估值稀释是次要的，如果你能引进一个顶级投资者，谁增加了价值，你在这个空间价值数百万美元。对于你的估值，你知道，在B和B航空的案例中，很多投资者试图投资，你知道这是异端邪说，因为我们在酒店房间里进行了谈判，而当时我们应该有布莱恩·切斯基(Brian Chesky)住在B航空公司和B航空公司所在地的地方。但那天晚上布莱恩·切斯基得到的是，哦，不，我们应该和增加价值最多的投资者一起去。因此AndriessenHorowitz投资了数十亿美元的估值，但还有其他投资者甚至希望支付更多。那天晚上，我对布莱恩说，嘿，我认为安德森-霍洛维茨公司的杰夫·乔丹(JeffJordan)可以为这家公司做很多事情，而布赖恩·切斯基(BrianChesky)我们的每一次谈话，他经常以谢谢开始，我走了，你在感谢我什么。感谢Andriessen Horowitz和Jeff Jordan，因为Jeff今天这么做是为了选择正确的投资者，而不是选择增值投资者。

\[00:16:21\] The other thing is keep the process moving quickly for
sure. Get one term sheet a sap. So you have a forcing function because
investors really don\'t like making decisions as quickly as an
entrepreneur needs them to make a decision. So if you can get a forcing
function which is basically a term sheet out of anyone then you can
truthfully call the other investors and I can call them on your behalf
and say we have a term sheet we\'re going to accept in 24 hours. Do you
have a term sheet. You better hurry up and submit it.

[00：16：21]另一件事是确保进程快速进行。得到一份学期表。所以你有一个强迫的功能，因为投资者真的不喜欢像企业家需要他们做决定那样快地做出决定。所以，如果你能得到一个强迫函数，它基本上是任何人的一个术语表，那么你可以如实地给其他投资者打电话，我可以代表你打电话给他们，说我们在24小时内会接受一个条款表。你有学期表吗。你最好快点把它交出来。

\[00:16:56\] And we did this during the year BMB financing. There was
all kinds of disarray and we just said Hey today\'s the day everyone
submit your term sheet by 5:00 or you\'re not in the running but if you
get one term sheet you can do that. So so keep the pace so don\'t lose
momentum. And then once you get any inkling of an agreement send an
email that commits the investor to that agreement. Very very important.

[00：16：56]我们在BMB融资的一年里做到了这一点。当时出现了各种各样的混乱，我们刚刚说：“嘿，今天是每个人都在5点之前提交学期表的日子，或者你没有在竞选中，但如果你拿到了一份学期表，你就可以做到这一点。所以，保持步调，不要失去动力。然后一旦你收到协议的任何暗示，就会发送一封电子邮件，让投资者遵守协议。非常重要。”

\[00:17:25\] So you\'re not being annoying to follow.

[00：17：25]这样你就不会很烦人了。

\[00:17:28\] Yeah

[00：17：28]是的

\[00:17:28\] it\'s just a short e-mail just confirming dot dot dot. You
know and it\'s just confirming that that well in the case of some
commitment I am delighted that you committed to invest at 100 million
valuation. My lawyer\'s going to call you tomorrow.

[00：17：28]这只是一封简短的电子邮件，只是确认点。你知道，它只是证实了这一点-如果你做出某种承诺的话，我很高兴你承诺以1亿美元的估值投资。我的律师明天会打电话给你。

\[00:17:45\] Then it\'s in writing that that investor has committed.
Have you seen over the years we have seen memories many many
transactions that fail because somebody doesn\'t remember what they said
Think of it happens even more on our emanate transactions. You know if
we\'re trying to get a company a soft landing and we get the soft
landing committed those are the ones that people will try and wiggle out
of and a soft landing is when someone gets acquired early on.

[00：17：45]那么投资者承诺的是书面形式。你有没有见过，多年来，我们看到了很多交易失败的记忆，因为有人不记得他们说了什么，在我们的发散交易中发生得更多。你知道，如果我们试图让一家公司实现软着陆，而我们又得到了软着陆的承诺，那么人们就会努力摆脱这些软着陆，而软着陆则是在人们很早就被收购的时候。

\[00:18:20\] Yeah.

[00：18：20]是的。

\[00:18:20\] Basically where hey this is not going to be the next
Facebook let\'s but we have a great product. Let\'s take that product
and make it part of Facebook. And when you put Facebook user base with
it you know we can fulfill the dream of the product.

[00：18：20]基本上，嘿，这不是下一个Facebook，但我们有一个很棒的产品。让我们把这个产品作为Facebook的一部分。当你把Facebook的用户基础放在一起的时候，你就知道我们可以实现这个产品的梦想。

\[00:18:38\] And that\'s where we see people not confirming and getting
into trouble.

[00：18：38]那就是我们看到人们不确认和陷入麻烦的地方。

\[00:18:41\] Yeah. Correct because there\'s there\'s optionality on
transactions like that. And in the case of the company the startup needs
that transaction to happen so they don\'t end up with the pressure
ofPhil.

[00：18：41]是的。正确，因为这样的交易是有选择性的。在公司的情况下，创业公司需要进行这种交易，这样他们就不会受到菲尔的压力。

\[00:18:56\] Yeah.

[00：18：56]是的。

\[00:18:56\] You don\'t have a whole lot of leverage but I imagine you
how you get that area I guess we help out a lot to dig down a little bit
in founders again. But what are the promising signs that you see when
you meet all these people.

[00：18：56]你并没有太多的影响力，但我想你是如何得到这个领域的-我想我们会帮助你再次挖掘创始人的一些东西。但是，当你遇到这些人时，你看到了什么有希望的迹象呢？

\[00:19:14\] Well I think product focus is really really important and I
didn\'t realize this probably to the last of an angel investing since
1994 only an Internet software companies and then we invest in people we
invest buy in tuition but it\'s in the last five years that I\'ve really
looked for I\'ve found founder qualities that say that their rifle
focused on the product the quality of the product. You know Ben
Silverman Jack Dorsey. It\'s just crucial. So when when we see that that
they don\'t want to be distracted because they just want to focus on the
product and we have lots of bloggers and press people who call us and
say hey get Ben Silverman to talk to me. And Ben Silverman. No no no.
Eventually you say hey why don\'t we talk to this guy from Fortune.
Because I\'d rather work on the product. I\'d rather get a million more
happy users than talk to somebody at Fortune magazine. That\'s a great
entrepreneur. It\'s on the way to building a big company. The other
factor that we look for is decisiveness. It is so important to make
decisions and keep momentum in growing your company. And you know
founders make lots of decisions about the product. You know let\'s
change this on the product and we\'ll get better metrics. You need to
use the same skillset for building your team and deleting from your
team. You need to hire fast and you need to fire fast because if
there\'s deadwood in your company everyone in the company already knows
it. If you know it everybody else knows it and you can actually make
morale go up if you make a decision that hey. That person\'s not working
out even if they\'re a co-founder. You\'ve got to make those decisions.

[00：19：14]我认为专注于产品是非常重要的，我没有意识到这可能是1994年以来最后一次天使投资-只有一家互联网软件公司-然后我们投资于我们在学费上投资的人，但在过去的五年里，我发现创立者的品质表明他们的步枪专注于产品的质量-产品的质量你认识本·西尔弗曼·杰克·多西。这很关键。所以，当我们看到他们不想分心，因为他们只想专注于产品，我们有很多博客和媒体的人打电话给我们说嗨，让BenSilverman和我谈谈。还有本·西尔弗曼。不不不。最后你说，嘿，为什么我们不和“财富”杂志的这个家伙谈谈呢？因为我宁愿在产品上工作。我宁愿拥有更多快乐的用户，也不愿与“财富”杂志的某个人交谈。那是个伟大的企业家。它正在建设一家大公司的路上。我们寻找的另一个因素是果断。在你的公司成长过程中，做决定和保持动力是非常重要的。你知道，创始人对这个产品做了很多决定。您知道，让我们在产品上改变这一点，我们将得到更好的度量。您需要使用相同的技能集来构建您的团队和删除您的团队。你需要快速招聘，你需要快速解雇，因为如果你的公司里有死胡同，公司里的每个人都已经知道了。如果你知道的话，其他人都知道，如果你做出这样的决定，你就能鼓舞士气。即使他们是创始人之一，这个人也不能正常工作。你必须做出那些决定。

\[00:21:17\] And imagine you see people struggle with that a lot because
it\'s hard to.

[00：21：17]想象一下，你看到很多人都在挣扎，因为这很难。

\[00:21:20\] Yes sire confounded and that\'s why I\'m talking about it.
You got to be decisive yeah you have to have a clear vision. When I\'m
talking to an entrepreneur I\'m saying are other people going to work
for him when. He or she tries to hire somebody. Are you a team builder
or are you a leader. So even though these companies are young and only
have five people. When I\'m talking to an entrepreneur I\'m saying wow
can can this person manage a thousand people and there are types of
people were where I\'d nod to myself and say yeah that person can manage
a thousand people.

[00：21：20]是的，陛下，这就是我谈论它的原因。你必须果断，是的，你必须有一个清晰的视野。当我和一位企业家交谈时，我说的是其他人会在什么时候为他工作。他或她试图雇佣一个人。你是团队建设者还是领导者。因此，即使这些公司还很年轻，只有五人。当我和一位企业家交谈时，我会说，哇，这个人能管理一千个人吗？有些类型的人我会向自己点头，说是的，那个人能管理一千个人。

\[00:22:00\] What if someone when they\'re first starting really can\'t
manage a thousand people. Are you able to say this person can grow or
have you seen examples of people who\'ve grown into that role. Well yeah
I think I think in the early early days of Twitter. I think Jack Dorsey
had trouble managing and Jack Dorsey.

[00：22：00]如果一个人刚开始的时候真的不能管理上千个人，你能说这个人可以成长吗？或者你见过那些已经成长为这个角色的人的例子。嗯，我认为在Twitter的早期，我认为杰克·多尔西在管理和杰克·多尔西方面都有困难。

\[00:22:23\] Thought about his shortcomings and went and made Twitter
better then left Twitter invented square you know how obvious plugging a
a credit card reader in to you know the earplug of an iPhone. I got the
very first demo of square from Jack. And watched him build square
flawlessly hiring a management team that did that if he has a
deficiency. He makes sure to hire somebody really powerful in that area.
So recognizing the deficiency and then building your team around that
with everyone recognizing what everyone\'s deficiencies are. Yeah
that\'s growing and maturing.

[00：22：23]考虑到他的缺点，他走了，让推特变得更好，而不是离开推特发明的正方形，你知道把信用卡读卡器插在里面有多明显-你知道iPhone的耳塞。我从杰克那里得到了正方形的第一个演示。并看着他完美地打造了广场，聘请了一支管理团队，如果他有缺陷的话，就会这样做。他一定会雇佣那个地区真正有权势的人。因此，认识到缺点，然后围绕这一点建立团队，让每个人都认识到每个人的缺点。是的，这是在成长和成熟。

\[00:23:17\] You know while you\'re building these great companies they
think we have time for two more questions.

[00：23：17]你知道，当你建立这些伟大的公司时，他们认为我们还有时间再问两个问题。

\[00:23:23\] I know it went so quickly I think even tell me if these are
good because we\'re going to end on a high note. You\'ve been doing this
for like 20 years. What has changed and what has been the same since
when you first started now.

[00：23：23]我知道事情进展得如此之快，我想甚至告诉我，这些都是好的，因为我们将以高调结束。你这么做已经有20年了。自从你刚开始的时候，一切都变了，也是一样的。

\[00:23:36\] Well a lot of things have changed. If you think back to
when I started my first company Alto\'s computer in 1979 in order to I
know this is unbelievable but it\'s important for this group to know it
in 1979 to get your company funded. You had to be growing you had to be
doubling every year and you had to be at least 20 percent pre-tax
profitable.

[00：23：36]很多事情都变了。如果你回想一下，1979年我创办了我的第一家公司Alto的电脑，为了让我知道这是令人难以置信的，但对于这个集团来说，在1979年获得公司的资金是很重要的。你必须成长，你必须每年翻一番，而且你必须至少有20%的税前利润。

\[00:24:05\] So investors basically would only invest if you are already
successful. So it wasn\'t really venture capital. If you go today just
the cost of starting a company is tiny and there\'s lots of people
willing to take risk in invest. So the climate for starting a company is
significantly better today. The other thing is mobile. Watching King the
Internet convert from. The web to mobile. You know this. This thing is
not a phone that\'s in your pocket it\'s a computer. And what we have
some of these social apps that are running on the phone first. It\'s so
so so different from everyone writing for the web. Now everyone\'s
working on mobile apps. Companies are moving to cities. I think that\'s
really interesting too. There\'s this migration especially of the social
companies to cities. Another phenomenon is you know you go back you know
when Google started in 1998 the algorithm was the intellectual property.
Today it\'s the user design and the user interface that leverages an
application. So the world has shifted from algorithm IP to design and
user interface IP being the most important.

[00：24：05]所以投资者基本上只会在你已经成功的情况下进行投资。所以这不是真正的风险投资。如果你今天去，创办一家公司的成本很低，而且有很多人愿意冒险投资。所以今天创业的环境要好得多。另一件事是移动的。观看国王的互联网转换。网络到移动。你知道的。这东西不是你口袋里的手机，而是一台电脑。我们有一些社交应用程序是先在手机上运行的。这和为网络写作的每个人都有很大的不同。现在每个人都在开发移动应用程序。公司正在迁往城市。我觉得这也很有趣。尤其是社会公司向城市的迁移。另一个现象是，你知道你回去，你知道，当谷歌在1998年成立时，算法是知识产权。今天，利用应用程序的是用户设计和用户界面。因此，世界已经从算法IP转向了设计，用户界面IP是最重要的。

\[00:25:34\] Does that mean lots of lots of big big changes.

[00：25：34]那是否意味着有很大的变化？

\[00:25:38\] What about last question in all these years what have you
been surprised by. The biggest surprise and satisfaction for me is
watching entrepreneurs mature at the speed of light.

[00：25：38]这么多年来你最后一个问题是什么？你感到惊讶的是什么？对我来说，最大的惊喜和满足感是看着企业家以光速成熟。

\[00:25:55\] When they have to. So if you pick Larry Page at Google Jack
Dorsey Zuckerberg Ben Silverman. These companies take off those founders
have got to mature. Manage thousands of people and keep their product
focus and all four of those examples they met the expectations. But
think about what happens when they go home at night. You know their
companies are hiring 10 people a day and they\'re force to mature and
adapt to that growth. And these entrepreneurs are doing it. And watching
that happen and helping them do it is the most satisfying thing you\'ll
ever do. Which is why I\'m not retired.

[00：25：55]必要的时候。所以如果你选择谷歌的拉里·佩奇，杰克·多尔西·扎克伯格本·西尔弗曼。这些公司的腾飞那些创始人已经成熟了。管理成千上万的人，并保持他们的产品重点，所有这些例子，他们都达到了预期。但是想想他们晚上回家后会发生什么。你知道，他们的公司每天雇佣10名员工，他们强迫自己成熟并适应这种增长。这些企业家正在这么做。看着这种情况发生并帮助他们做到这一点，是你所做过的最令人满意的事情。这就是为什么我没有退休的原因。

\[00:26:49\] Well awesome thank you so much for.


[00：26：49]哦，太棒了，谢谢你。

